content/sponsor/index.md, before:

+++
author = "Chris Short"
date = 2018-12-23T12:51:00Z
description = "Sponsor DevOps'ish"
draft = false
title = "Sponsor"
aliases = [
    "/sponsorships",
    "/sponsors",
    "/sponsorship"
]

+++

DevOps'ish readers are a diverse group of people who care deeply about a wide range of technologies and the business practices pertinent to them. The audience includes people from Amazon, Apple, Google, Intel, Microsoft, Red Hat, Chef, and many other organizations.

Demographic data outside of what's shared on this page for DevOps'ish subscribers is not available.

## Sponsorship Rates

Effective 2019-05-04

For a one (1) week sponsorship, the fixed fee is **$300 USD**.

Fees are negotiable for nonprofits, community led projects without revenue, events with no revenue, or part of an ad sharing deal between other publications.

Interested in sponsoring? Email me at [chris@devopsish.com](mailto:chris@devopsish.com).

{{< stats >}}

## Ad Format

Your ad will be featured *natively* in e-mails to all subcribers and on [devopsish.com](https://devopsish.com/). At special request, I can share your ad on social media. However, a limit exists of no more than three shares per week on a schedule that fits the needs of advertiser(s).

Ads include a bolded headline, additional copy, links as specified, and are followed by the italicized word, *SPONSORED*. This native format prevents ad blockers from blocking ads. It also eliminates a lot of headaches with regards to formatting. Total ad length excluding headline, call to action, and *SPONSORED* tag should not exceed 280 characters.

Every week the newsletter begins with an introduction. Ads appear after this message. If another location in the newsletter fits better for your ad please let me know.

### Example Ad

[**DEVOPS NEWSLETTER**](https://devopsish.com/)  
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam ut libero erat. Morbi convallis tempor facilisis. In vulputate hendrerit mollis. Suspendisse vitae massa aliquet, dignissim nibh quis, facilisis odio. Fusce sed consequat magna. *SPONSORED*

## Contact Me

Interested in sponsoring?

Email me at [chris@devopsish.com](mailto:chris@devopsish.com).

### Legal

[Terms and conditions](/terms/) apply.

Commit message:

Sponsorship Update
Adding four week minimum

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/sponsor/index.md, after:

+++
author = "Chris Short"
date = 2018-12-23T12:51:00Z
description = "Sponsor DevOps'ish"
draft = false
title = "Sponsor"
aliases = [
    "/sponsorships",
    "/sponsors",
    "/sponsorship"
]

+++

DevOps'ish readers are a diverse group of people who care deeply about a wide range of technologies and the business practices pertinent to them. The audience includes people from Amazon, Apple, Google, IBM, Intel, Microsoft, Red Hat, and many other organizations.

Demographic data outside of what's shared on this page for DevOps'ish subscribers is not available.

## Sponsorship Rates

Effective 2019-07-10

A one (1) week sponsorship has a fixed fee of **$300 USD**. There is a four week minimum for all sponsorships.

Fees are negotiable for nonprofits, community led projects without revenue, events with no revenue, or part of an ad sharing deal between other publications.

{{< stats >}}

Interested in sponsoring? Email me at [chris@devopsish.com](mailto:chris@devopsish.com).

## Ad Format

Your ad will be featured *natively* in e-mails to all subcribers and on [devopsish.com](https://devopsish.com/). At special request, I can share your ad on social media. However, a limit exists of no more than three shares per week on a schedule that fits the needs of advertiser(s).

Ads include a bolded headline, additional copy, links as specified, and are followed by the italicized word, *SPONSORED*. This native format prevents ad blockers from blocking ads. It also eliminates a lot of headaches with regards to formatting. Total ad length excluding headline, call to action, and *SPONSORED* tag should not exceed 280 characters.

Every week the newsletter begins with an introduction. Ads appear after this message. If another location in the newsletter fits better for your ad please let me know.

### Example Ad

[**DEVOPS NEWSLETTER**](https://devopsish.com/)  
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Etiam ut libero erat. Morbi convallis tempor facilisis. In vulputate hendrerit mollis. Suspendisse vitae massa aliquet, dignissim nibh quis, facilisis odio. Fusce sed consequat magna. *SPONSORED*

## Contact Me

Interested in sponsoring?

Email me at [chris@devopsish.com](mailto:chris@devopsish.com).

### Legal

[Terms and conditions](/terms/) apply.
