content/post/terms/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
date = 2016-12-11T00:00:00Z
description = "DevOps'ish Terms and Conditions"
draft = false
slug = "terms"
title = "Terms of Service"
aliases = [
    "disclaimer",
    "legal"
]

+++

## Terms

By accessing the website at <https://devopsish.com>, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law

## Use License

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) license](/copyright/).

## Disclaimer

Views expressed on this site do not reflect the opinions or views of:

* Red Hat
* IBM
* Cloud Native Computing Foundation
* Sponsors of DevOps'ish

Nor those of any group Chris Short is or has been affiliated with or employed by.

The materials on DevOps'ish's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. DevOps'ish makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

Further, DevOps'ish does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

## Privacy

Please see [Privacy Policy](/privacy/).

## Limitations

In no event shall DevOps'ish or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on DevOps'ish's website, even if DevOps'ish or a DevOps'ish authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

## Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on DevOps'ish's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. DevOps'ish does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. DevOps'ish may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However DevOps'ish does not make any commitment to update the materials.

## Links

DevOps'ish has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by DevOps'ish of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

## Modifications

DevOps'ish may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

## Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Michigan, United States and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

## Additional Sponsorship Terms and Conditions

The right to refuse sponsorship from anyone for any reason is reserved.

Sponsors may not place restrictions on the content or format of the newsletter in any way.

Exclusive sponsorship deals are not available at this time. But, no more than three ads a week will run in the newsletter. Out of cycle/cadence e-mails may or may not feature ads depending on a variety of factors.

The newsletter is typically sent on Sundays at 0700 UTC. There may be weeks where due to travel or timezone differences the newsletter is sent a day earlier or a day later but this is the exception not the rule.

Rates can change based on supply, demand, and subscribership. Rates should not change more than once a quarter or four times a year.

Commit message:

152 (#40)
* 152 Init

Tweet of the Week
LA Times piece on GH

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* Fathom Goals for Subscribe Process

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* Affilate Link Program Disclosures

Modeled after Ars Technica

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 152 Adding UNIX book

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 152 Brad Childs Memorial Tweet

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 152 Rough Draft

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 152 Fin

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/terms/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
date = 2016-12-11T00:00:00Z
description = "DevOps'ish Terms and Conditions"
draft = false
slug = "terms"
title = "Terms of Service"
aliases = [
    "disclaimer",
    "legal"
]

+++

## Terms

By accessing the website at <https://devopsish.com>, you are agreeing to be bound by these terms of service, all applicable laws and regulations, and agree that you are responsible for compliance with any applicable local laws. If you do not agree with any of these terms, you are prohibited from using or accessing this site. The materials contained in this website are protected by applicable copyright and trademark law

## Use License

Except where otherwise noted, content on this site is licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 4.0 International (CC BY-SA 4.0) license](/copyright/).

## Disclaimer

Views expressed on this site do not reflect the opinions or views of:

* Red Hat
* IBM
* Cloud Native Computing Foundation
* Sponsors of DevOps'ish

Nor those of any group Chris Short is or has been affiliated with or employed by.

The materials on DevOps'ish's website are provided on an 'as is' basis. DevOps'ish makes no warranties, expressed or implied, and hereby disclaims and negates all other warranties including, without limitation, implied warranties or conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, or non-infringement of intellectual property or other violation of rights.

Further, DevOps'ish does not warrant or make any representations concerning the accuracy, likely results, or reliability of the use of the materials on its website or otherwise relating to such materials or on any sites linked to this site.

## Privacy

Please see [Privacy Policy](/privacy/).

## Limitations

In no event shall DevOps'ish or its suppliers be liable for any damages (including, without limitation, damages for loss of data or profit, or due to business interruption) arising out of the use or inability to use the materials on DevOps'ish's website, even if DevOps'ish or a DevOps'ish authorized representative has been notified orally or in writing of the possibility of such damage. Because some jurisdictions do not allow limitations on implied warranties, or limitations of liability for consequential or incidental damages, these limitations may not apply to you.

## Accuracy of materials

The materials appearing on DevOps'ish's website could include technical, typographical, or photographic errors. DevOps'ish does not warrant that any of the materials on its website are accurate, complete or current. DevOps'ish may make changes to the materials contained on its website at any time without notice. However DevOps'ish does not make any commitment to update the materials.

## Links

DevOps'ish has not reviewed all of the sites linked to its website and is not responsible for the contents of any such linked site. The inclusion of any link does not imply endorsement by DevOps'ish of the site. Use of any such linked website is at the user's own risk.

## Affiliate Link Policy

Some articles on DevOps'ish contain links to products available from online retailers. These links may contain codes that signal to the retailer that DevOps'ish has referred you. Should you choose to purchase the product, DevOps'ish may receive a commission on the sale. This is called an affiliate program.

The same rigor and standards of objectivity are applied to these articles as is the rest of DevOps'ish. In most cases, posts with affiliate links will also include an individual disclaimer located near the link or "buy" button for that product.

*Note: DevOps'ish may earn compensation for sales from links on this post through [affiliate programs](/terms/).*

## Modifications

DevOps'ish may revise these terms of service for its website at any time without notice. By using this website you are agreeing to be bound by the then current version of these terms of service.

## Governing Law

These terms and conditions are governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Michigan, United States and you irrevocably submit to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts in that State or location.

## Additional Sponsorship Terms and Conditions

The right to refuse sponsorship from anyone for any reason is reserved.

Sponsors may not place restrictions on the content or format of the newsletter in any way.

Exclusive sponsorship deals are not available at this time. But, no more than three ads a week will run in the newsletter. Out of cycle/cadence e-mails may or may not feature ads depending on a variety of factors.

The newsletter is typically sent on Sundays at 0700 UTC. There may be weeks where due to travel or timezone differences the newsletter is sent a day earlier or a day later but this is the exception not the rule.

Rates can change based on supply, demand, and subscribership. Rates should not change more than once a quarter or four times a year.
