content/post/141/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-08-18T07:00:00Z
description = "Kubernetes, DevOps, AWS, Community, Operators, and More"
draft = false
slug = "141"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter", "DevOps news", "Kubernetes news"]
title = "141"

+++

INTRO

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## Events

Event season is upon us but the good news is I have discounts to some of the hottest events:

[Sensu Summit](https://ti.to/sensu/sensu-summit-2019/discount/DevOpsIsh) is offering DevOps'ish readers *$300 off* the full price ticket price. "Enjoy two days of talks, workshops, and great conversations about all things monitoring."

The [AnsibleFest Atlanta Agenda](https://cshort.co/fest) is live! Go check out the amazing sessions that are lined up for Atlanta. I'm happy to say that there will be a number of sessions about containers and Kubernetes including a workshop I'll be helping with: "Building Kubernetes Operators with Ansible Hands-On Workshop" Take [**20% off standard rates using discount code ANFCSDO19**](https://cshort.co/fest-reg) when registering. Come see what my awesome teammates have put together for us!

## People

[**X-Team Is Hiring a Team of DevOps Engineers (Remote)**](https://x-team.com/remote-devops-engineer-jobs/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=email-ad)  
We are looking for passionate DevOps engineers to work with the world's leading brands, from anywhere. We love to work with Kubernetes, Docker, Serverless, and AWS tools. Travel the world while being part of the most energizing community of developers. [Join X-Team](https://x-team.com/remote-devops-engineer-jobs/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=email-ad) *SPONSORED*

PEOPLE

[**DevRel is a Force Multiplier**](https://cshort.co/2K9XsgV)  
Featuring interviews with Developer Relations professionals from many successful companies including Red Hat, Google, Chef, Docker, Mozilla, SparkPost, Heroku, Twilio, CoreOS, and more, and with a foreword by Jono Bacon, *The Business Value of Developer Relations* is the perfect book for anyone who is working in the tech industry and wants to understand where DevRel is now and how to get involved. Don’t get left behind — join the community today. *SPONSORED*

## Process

PROCESS

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

[![DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week][tweet]](https://twitter.com/EricaJoy/status/1158432433324187650)

[tweet]: 141-tweet-of-the-week.png

Notes from this week's issue can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/chris-short/devopsish.com/blob/master/content/post/141/notes.md)

Commit message:

141: Intro rough draft and PagerDuty ad
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/141/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-08-18T07:00:00Z
description = "Kubernetes, DevOps, AWS, Community, Operators, and More"
draft = false
slug = "141"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter", "DevOps news", "Kubernetes news"]
title = "141"

+++

Monday, August 19, will be my first day as a Principal Technical Marketing Manager on the Cloud Platforms team at Red Hat. What does that mean? OpenShift, Kubernetes, containers, and all manner of things that go along with that will be my day job. Helping folks help themselves with technology is still and always will be name of my game. This was a 2020 goal (working full time in the Kubernetes or cloud native ecosystem) and I was able to do it in 2019. #winning

But, my involvement with Ansible won't end like a Thanos finger snap. I am still involved in AnsibleFest (see you in ATL). I'm also acting as an Ansible knowledge source for folks on the Cloud Platforms team. Part of my charge when joining Red Hat was to bring more collaboration between the Ansible and OpenShift teams. That has been happening and I hope to continue building on the collaboration happening between both teams.

One thing I wrote when I announced I was joining the Ansible team was, "[I'd like to work to see what Ansible can bring to CNCF projects.](https://chrisshort.net/joining-ansible-team-at-red-hat/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=141)" The fact you can write Kubernetes Operators with Ansible and that [Ansible Operators](https://ansible.com/operators/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=141&utm_term=kubernetes) are now a priority is something I hope I can hang my hat on. Let's face it, *more people know how to write Ansible than Go*. Ansible's future is it's ability to be learned and be effective with quickly. The more that methodology can be applied in the Kubernetes and OpenShift realms the better off both products will be and so will their communities.

Thank you to the Ansible team for shepherding me into Red Hat, welcoming me with open arms, and sharing your knowledge with me. You have all been wonderful teammates and we'll continue to work together as Red Hatters.

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## Events

Event season is upon us but the good news is I have discounts to some of the hottest events this year:

[PagerDuty Summit 2019](https://summit.pagerduty.com/) is Sept 23-25 in San Francisco. It's three days of interactive workshops, keynotes, and breakouts with topics focusing on cutting edge incident response techniques, resilience engineering, managing team health, continuous improvement, DevSecOps, machine learning, and other intersections with real-time operations. Join experts from Google, Microsoft, Hashicorp, Twilio, Salesforce, Gremlin, Honeycomb, Adobe, AWS, and more. [Register](https://summit.pagerduty.com/summit2019/register?c_280637=PDS19OT) with code PDS19DOISH to save 50% and attend for $350. *SPONSORED*

The [AnsibleFest Atlanta Agenda](https://cshort.co/fest-reg) is live! Go check out the amazing sessions that are lined up for Atlanta. I'm happy to say that there will be a number of sessions about containers and Kubernetes including a workshop I'll be helping with: "Building Kubernetes Operators with Ansible Hands-On Workshop" Take 20% off standard rates using discount code ANFCSDO19 [when registering](https://cshort.co/fest-reg). Come see what my awesome teammates have put together for us!

[Sensu Summit](https://ti.to/sensu/sensu-summit-2019/discount/DevOpsIsh) is offering DevOps'ish readers *$300 off* the full price ticket price. "Enjoy two days of talks, workshops, and great conversations about all things monitoring."

DevOpsDays Raleigh

## People

[**X-Team Is Hiring a Team of DevOps Engineers (Remote)**](https://x-team.com/remote-devops-engineer-jobs/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=email-ad)  
We are looking for passionate DevOps engineers to work with the world's leading brands, from anywhere. We love to work with Kubernetes, Docker, Serverless, and AWS tools. Travel the world while being part of the most energizing community of developers. [Join X-Team](https://x-team.com/remote-devops-engineer-jobs/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=email-ad) *SPONSORED*

PEOPLE

[**DevRel is a Force Multiplier**](https://cshort.co/2K9XsgV)  
Featuring interviews with Developer Relations professionals from many successful companies including Red Hat, Google, Chef, Docker, Mozilla, SparkPost, Heroku, Twilio, CoreOS, and more, and with a foreword by Jono Bacon, *The Business Value of Developer Relations* is the perfect book for anyone who is working in the tech industry and wants to understand where DevRel is now and how to get involved. Don’t get left behind — join the community today. *SPONSORED*

## Process

[The Dark Side of DevOps](https://youtu.be/gi-i5NvxVLM) — People think that DevOps, Cloud Native, Agile, GROWS, etc. are all rainbows and roses. You start small, work your way up or you decide as an organizational unit to change. These are two patterns associated with a Jedi-type maturation process of DevOps. Like in Star Wars, DevOps has a dark side. This talk by Chris Short of Red Hat provides examples of successful and failed DevOps transformations, as well as some lessons learned along the way.

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

[![DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week][tweet]](https://twitter.com/EricaJoy/status/1158432433324187650)

[tweet]: 141-tweet-of-the-week.png

Notes from this week's issue can be found on [GitHub](https://github.com/chris-short/devopsish.com/blob/master/content/post/141/notes.md)
