SOCIAL_MEDIA.md, before:

# Minimum Viable Social Media

## Social Media Accounts

Reddit: <https://reddit.com/r/devopsish>
Twitter: <https://twitter.com/ChrisShort>
LinkedIn: <https://www.linkedin.com/in/thechrisshort>

In my experience running this newsletter, it will get stickier subscribers through social media than ads. Below are the latest iteration of social media messaging that seems to land well enough to keep the newsletter growing.

If someone with a larger social media presence shares any of these social media posts, expect 100 quality subscribers (on average). Doing the same with advertising dollars often means a lot of short term subscribers and wasted money.

## Variables

Issue: XXX
Title: DESC

## Posts

These can and should be modified every week a little to so that algorithms don't bury these as repeated messages.

### Sunday AM (Out Now)

Hot off the presses! DevOps'ish XXX — DESC https://devopsish.com/XXX/ #DevOps #GitOps #Cloud #Kubernetes #Tech #News #Newsletter

### Monday Midday (11-1 Monday, Alt Jumpstart)

Get a jump start on your workweek with DevOps'ish XXX — DESC https://devopsish.com/XXX #DevOps #GitOps #Cloud #Kubernetes #Tech #News #Newsletter

### Tuesday 9 AM (Click)

The latest in Cloud Native, DevOps, GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, & the 'ish between. DevOps'ish XXX — DESC https://devopsish.com/XXX #DevOps #GitOps #Cloud #Kubernetes #Tech #News #Newsletter

### Wednesday PM (Influencer Social)

DevOps'ish is built by me, open source leader, #Kubernetes contributor, #DevOps practitioner, and #GitOps enthusiast, Chris Short (chrisshort.me). Subscribe today for the latest in Cloud Native, DevOps, GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, and the ‘ish between! https://devopsish.com/subscribe

### Thursday PM (1-2 PM, Random Subscribe Giphy)

Never heard of DevOps'ish? It's a newsletter covering Cloud Native, #DevOps, #GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, and the ‘ish between. It's opinionated, geared toward increasing knowledge, and improving skills. Subscribe now! https://devopsish.com/subscribe #Cloud #Kubernetes

### Friday, 9 AM ET (Random Subscribe Statement with Giphy)

Most of these "Suggested Reads" land in a newsletter I write called, DevOps'ish. "Cloud Native, #DevOps, #GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, and the 'ish between." Sound like something you could benefit from? Subscribe here: https://devopsish.com/subscribe

Commit message:

blurb about podcast for social new plus options

SOCIAL_MEDIA.md, after:

# Minimum Viable Social Media

## Social Media Accounts

Reddit: <https://reddit.com/r/devopsish>
Twitter: <https://twitter.com/ChrisShort>
LinkedIn: <https://www.linkedin.com/in/thechrisshort>

In my experience running this newsletter, it will get stickier subscribers through social media than ads. Below are the latest iteration of social media messaging that seems to land well enough to keep the newsletter growing.

If someone with a larger social media presence shares any of these social media posts, expect 100 quality subscribers (on average). Doing the same with advertising dollars often means a lot of short term subscribers and wasted money.

## Variables

Issue: XXX
Title: DESC

## Posts

These can and should be modified every week a little to so that algorithms don't bury these as repeated messages.

### Sunday AM (Out Now)

Hot off the presses! DevOps'ish XXX — DESC https://devopsish.com/XXX/ #DevOps #GitOps #Cloud #Kubernetes #Tech #News #Newsletter

### Monday Midday (11-1 Monday, Alt Jumpstart)

Get a jump start on your workweek with DevOps'ish XXX — DESC https://devopsish.com/XXX #DevOps #GitOps #Cloud #Kubernetes #Tech #News #Newsletter

### Tuesday 9 AM (Click)

The latest in Cloud Native, DevOps, GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, & the 'ish between. DevOps'ish XXX — DESC https://devopsish.com/XXX #DevOps #GitOps #Cloud #Kubernetes #Tech #News #Newsletter

### Wednesday PM (Influencer Social)

DevOps'ish is built by me, open source leader, #Kubernetes contributor, #DevOps practitioner, and #GitOps enthusiast, Chris Short (chrisshort.me). Subscribe today for the latest in Cloud Native, DevOps, GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, and the ‘ish between! https://devopsish.com/subscribe

### Thursday PM (1-2 PM, Random Subscribe Giphy)

Never heard of DevOps'ish? It's a newsletter covering Cloud Native, #DevOps, #GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, and the ‘ish between. It's opinionated, geared toward increasing knowledge, and improving skills. Subscribe now! https://devopsish.com/subscribe #Cloud #Kubernetes

OR

Most of these "Suggested Reads" land in a newsletter I write called, DevOps'ish. "Cloud Native, #DevOps, #GitOps, Open Source, industry news, culture, and the 'ish between." Sound like something you could benefit from? Subscribe here: https://devopsish.com/subscribe

### Friday, 9 AM ET (Podcast with Giphy)

Don't forget, DevOps'ish has a podcast now. We look at the news behind the news and provide you a way to participate as well. Check out the latest newsletter for details on the next podcast and subscribe today: https://devopsish.com/podcast
