content/jobs.md, before:

+++
author = "Chris Short"
date = 2018-08-12T07:00:00Z
description = "DevOps, Cloud Native, and Open Source Jobs"
draft = false
slug = "jobs"
title = "Jobs"

+++

> [**Subscribe to DevOps'ish**](https://devopsi.sh/subscribe) for updates on DevOps, Cloud Native, and Open Source news.

[DevOps Engineer at Solarwinds (Edinburgh, United Kingdom; Durham, NC)](https://solarwinds.jobs/edinburgh-gbr/devops-engineer/C65FA9564C424249B5832FF78FB34709/job/)
The DevOps Engineer will play an important role in supporting the 24x7 availability and ongoing growth of our service offerings. The successful candidate will possess a high degree of technical skill, have a collaborative approach to problem solving, and understand the important of balancing operational decisions against total cost of ownership. We're a multi-office, multi-timezone team and so communication skills and self management are very important to us.

[Senior DevOps Engineer (NYC or US-based Remote)](https://www.olo.com/company/job.html?id=job_20180627210714_OLQWT2RCZWJFWNRR)
At Olo we develop an online food ordering platform used by many of the country’s largest restaurant chains, reaching millions of consumers. Chances are if you’ve ordered directly from a restaurant brand’s app or website, we’ve made that happen. Mobile ordering and payments is an exciting and active industry full of interesting players and yet still a relatively untapped market ripe for disruption. We’re quite up-front about the technical challenges our business faces. Running a platform with multiple white-labeled front-ends, that maintains real-time connections into thousands of restaurants’ POS systems, and coordinates complex transactions between these and other third parties (such as payment gateways and gift card providers) is not for the faint of heart!

**NOTE:** If you're a subscriber and looking for talent, please let me know. For the time being, I'm happy to feature job postings from subscribers for free.

Commit message:

Adding Traefik Job
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/jobs.md, after:

+++
author = "Chris Short"
date = 2018-10-18T01:21:00Z
description = "DevOps, Cloud Native, and Open Source Jobs"
draft = false
slug = "jobs"
title = "Jobs"

+++

> [**Subscribe to DevOps'ish**](https://devopsi.sh/subscribe) for updates on DevOps, Cloud Native, and Open Source news.

[Senior DevOps Engineer (NYC or US-based Remote)](https://www.olo.com/company/job.html?id=job_20180627210714_OLQWT2RCZWJFWNRR)  
At Olo we develop an online food ordering platform used by many of the country’s largest restaurant chains, reaching millions of consumers. Chances are if you’ve ordered directly from a restaurant brand’s app or website, we’ve made that happen. Mobile ordering and payments is an exciting and active industry full of interesting players and yet still a relatively untapped market ripe for disruption. We’re quite up-front about the technical challenges our business faces. Running a platform with multiple white-labeled front-ends, that maintains real-time connections into thousands of restaurants’ POS systems, and coordinates complex transactions between these and other third parties (such as payment gateways and gift card providers) is not for the faint of heart!

[Developer Advocate -- U.S. Based](https://containo.us/careers#developer-advocate)  
Containous develops advanced software solutions for companies committed to using container technologies. Our first product, Traefik, is an open source cloud native edge router, with over 300 contributors, 250 million downloads on DockerHub, 18,000 stars on GitHub, and an active and supportive global Slack channel. We are expanding to the United States and are adding a developer advocate who is fluent in a fast growth, startup ecosystem, to the team. This is a high visibility, technical role which will excite those who love building with smart teams and working on open source software. If you’re qualified, passionate about container technologies, and excited about joining a global team, you should apply.

**NOTE:** If you're a subscriber and looking for talent, please let me know. For the time being, I'm happy to feature job postings from subscribers for free.
