content/post/138/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-07-28T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "138"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "GitHub", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter", "security", "DevOps news", "Kubernetes news"]
title = "138"

+++

INTRO

[**Get $100 to Demo Blue Matador The Alert Automation Service**](https://www.bluematador.com/demo-for-100-devopsish)  
Blue Matador is alert automation for AWS and Kubernetes environments. Our proactive alerts take the time and toil out of monitoring. See production issues before anyone else. We're so confident you'll love it that we're offering $100 to demo it with our team. *SPONSORED*

[**The Business Value of Developer Relations**](http://www.persea-consulting.com/book?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=138)  
Discover the true value of Developer Relations as you learn to build and maintain positive relationships with your developer community. Use the principles laid out in this book to walk through your company goals and discover how you can formulate a plan tailored to your specific needs. *SPONSORED*

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

PEOPLE

[DevOps'ish Telegram](https://t.me/devopsish) — Join the 300+ DevOps, Kubernetes, SRE, and other technology professionals discussing real-world problems, breaking technology events and outages, and the occasional Spotify playlist.

## Process

PROCESS

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

[![DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week][tweet]](https://twitter.com/maria_fibonacci/status/1150493431199752192)

[tweet]: 137-tweet-of-the-week.png

Commit message:

138 X-Team Sponsorship
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/138/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-07-28T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "138"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "GitHub", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter", "security", "DevOps news", "Kubernetes news"]
title = "138"

+++

INTRO

[**Get $100 to Demo Blue Matador The Alert Automation Service**](https://www.bluematador.com/demo-for-100-devopsish)  
Blue Matador is alert automation for AWS and Kubernetes environments. Our proactive alerts take the time and toil out of monitoring. See production issues before anyone else. We're so confident you'll love it that we're offering $100 to demo it with our team. *SPONSORED*

[**X-Team Is Hiring a Team of DevOps Engineers (Remote)**](https://x-team.com/remote-devops-engineer-jobs/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=email-ad)  
We are looking for passionate DevOps engineers to work with the world's leading brands, from anywhere. We love to work with Kubernetes, Docker, Serverless, and AWS tools. Travel the world while being part of the most energizing community of developers. [Join X-Team](https://x-team.com/remote-devops-engineer-jobs/?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=email-ad) *SPONSORED*

[**The Business Value of Developer Relations**](http://www.persea-consulting.com/book?utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=newsletter&utm_campaign=138)  
Discover the true value of Developer Relations as you learn to build and maintain positive relationships with your developer community. Use the principles laid out in this book to walk through your company goals and discover how you can formulate a plan tailored to your specific needs. *SPONSORED*

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

PEOPLE

[DevOps'ish Telegram](https://t.me/devopsish) — Join the 300+ DevOps, Kubernetes, SRE, and other technology professionals discussing real-world problems, breaking technology events and outages, and the occasional Spotify playlist.

## Process

PROCESS

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

[![DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week][tweet]](https://twitter.com/maria_fibonacci/status/1150493431199752192)

[tweet]: 137-tweet-of-the-week.png
