content/post/087/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2018-08-05T07:00:00Z
description ="Psychological Safety, Kubernetes, Ansible, Serverless, AWS, OpenFaaS, and More!"
draft = false
slug = "087"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "cloud", "open source", "kubernetes", "ansible", "serverless", "psychological safety"]
title = "087: Psychological Safety, Kubernetes, Ansible, Serverless, AWS, OpenFaaS, and More!"

+++

**Psychological safety** is something I have often talked about but have found difficult to find in my own work. There's a lot of reasons for this. In a previous life, I couldn't talk about my day to day work and life. As I have gotten further away from that time, It has gotten easier to adjust to being more transparent. With a permanent nerve injury, constant pain, and dealing with the VA it's often a lot for an employer to consume in one fell swoop. This has led me to slowly open the floodgates in the past. As I approached the date of a VA appointment for injections on July 25th, I realized that being 100% remote I needed to sit down with my boss. I needed to explain all the details of my VA disability, the rating, treatments, etc. for her. I cobbled together some notes to keep myself on track and some visual aids. To assist in understanding the scope of my injuries. This is the first time I've been able to gather all this data in one place.

I was nervous. In the past, people have found my story hard to comprehend because "you seem so normal" or "you don't look like you're in pain" or "you look fine". But, it's safe to say most people have never seen me when I wasn't in pain (it's been 15 years since I got hurt). I gave my narrative about how I got hurt, how long it took to get diagnosed, all the treatments tried in the past, how much of a problem it is working with the VA, and my current regimen. My boss listened intently, asked some simple questions for color, then paused to respond. She stated that she was amazed at how well I made it look like I was doing despite having these issues. She said that we'll get through this. She was adamant that I take it easy to get the full benefit of the injections. She even told me to skip meetings (I didn't but I probably should have).

I've never felt more comfortable telling an employer, even a person for that matter, all the things that are going on with me. I know that my boss has my back. She might not understand every nuanced detail but she is willing to learn without prying. She's willing to ask how things are going. To make sure I'm mentally ready to tackle the things we're trying to take on. She's there if I need her. I've never felt more secure in a position than I do right now. **Psychological safety** matters a lot. I finally have it in my work life. For that, I am truly thankful.

[**Continuous delivery on modern infrastructure - Run GoCD on Kubernetes**](https://www.gocd.org/kubernetes/?utm_campaign=Kubernetes&utm_medium=newsletter_ad&utm_source=importpython&utm_content=kubernete_lp&utm_term=)  
Model Docker-based build workflows more effectively with our GoCD Kubernetes integration. Run GoCD natively on Kubernetes, define your build workflow and let GoCD provision and scale build infrastructure on the fly. *SPONSORED*

{{< sponsor-blurb >}}

## People

[A public f***ing service announcement that this is not ok, and you should absolutely not do this.](https://twitter.com/abbyfuller/status/1023937990991720448): Abby Fuller took dude bros to task over their behavior. Women deserve so much better.

[give actionable takeaways](https://bridgetkromhout.com/blog/give-actionable-takeaways/): Bridget Kromhout writes about speaking.

[Sarah Jeong Joins The Times's Editorial Board](https://www.nytco.com/sarah-jeong-joins-the-timess-editorial-board/): The delicate white people this move offended was very enlightening.

[📟💩](http://pagerdoodie.com/): This is sad and funny.

[Google Struggles to Contain Employee Uproar Over China Censorship Plans](https://theintercept.com/2018/08/03/google-search-engine-china-censorship-backlash/): It's hard to be one of the biggest companies in the world and not do business and China.

[Delegation and Time Management](https://medium.com/@skamille/delegation-and-time-management-6cb326a880d3): When being "helpful" is actually hurting

[Squashing inclusivity bugs in open source software](https://opensource.com/article/18/8/inclusivity-bugs-open-source-software): GenderMag methodology identifies gender bias in software tools to help designers eliminate it.

[What almost everyone misunderstands about product managers](https://qz.com/work/1346948/what-is-a-product-manager-job/): "PMs have diverse backgrounds, murky responsibilities, and role definitions that vary widely across companies. They typically sit at the intersection of development (design and engineering) and go-to-market-focused departments (sales and marketing). The research opportunities, guide strategy, and help take features from idea to launch."

[Can a culture of change improve innovation?](https://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/brand-connect/red-hat/can-a-culture-of-change-improve-innovation/) By Jim Whitehurst, president and chief executive officer, Red Hat

[How to be a stronger DevOps leader: 9 tips](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2018/7/how-be-stronger-devops-leader-9-tips): Want to lead your DevOps team to new heights? IT leaders and DevOps experts share steps to take in the realms of talent, measurement, vision, and IT culture
{{< adsense-inarticle >}}

## Process

[Cisco plans to acquire cybersecurity firm Duo Security for $2.35 billion](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/08/02/cisco-buys-security-start-up.html): Seth Vargo [sums up this news perfectly](https://twitter.com/sethvargo/status/1025082176788987905), "While I'm excited for the humans involved in the Duo acquisition, I'm deeply concerned about what this means for the security space. A lot of companies have built their security postures around Duo, and Cisco has allowed foreign governments to install backdoors." I immediately crossed Duo off the list of places I'd be willing to work when I saw the announcement (which sucks because they're local).

[Blockchain, Once Seen as a Corporate Cure-All, Suffers Slowdown](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-07-31/blockchain-once-seen-as-a-corporate-cure-all-suffers-slowdown): I know we're all shocked by this "news". 🙄

[Serverless Security: read-only functions with OpenFaaS](https://www.openfaas.com/blog/read-only-functions/): Alex Ellis introduces the read-only functions feature for OpenFaaS - a security concept available with containers and Kubernetes to prevent tampering

[How we scaled nginx and saved the world 54 years every day](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-we-scaled-nginx-and-saved-the-world-54-years-every-day/): Cloudflare solves really big problems.

[6 DevOps mistakes to avoid](https://opensource.com/article/18/8/getting-started-devops-6-mistakes-avoid): Adopting DevOps practices is fast becoming essential for digital businesses. Here are 6 common pitfalls, and how to avoid them.

[Google is Switching to a Self-Driving Data Center Management System](https://www.datacenterknowledge.com/google-alphabet/google-switching-self-driving-data-center-management-system)

[Top 5 cloud trends of 2018: What has happened and what's next](https://about.gitlab.com/2018/08/02/top-five-cloud-trends/): Cloud computing is officially where it's at. Find out who's in the lead and how to plan for the future.

[Amazon plans to move completely off Oracle software by early 2020](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/08/01/amazon-plans-to-move-off-oracle-software-by-early-2020.html): Amazon has been moving off Oracle for several years and has plans to complete the transition next year, according to people familiar with the matter. Oracle has been unable to keep up with AWS and other vendors in cloud infrastructure.

[State of the cloud: Amazon Web Services is bigger than its other four major competitors, combined](https://www.geekwire.com/2018/state-cloud-amazon-web-services-bigger-four-major-competitors-combined/)

[How much does my Lambda function cost?](http://blog.epsagon.com/how-much-does-my-lambda-function-cost): A Python tool to figure out what all those functions are going to cost you.

[Observerless: The hottest new thing in monitoring you’re already doing](https://weekly.monitoring.love/library/observerless/)

[DevOps At Nike: There Is No Finish Line](https://itrevolution.com/devops-at-nike/)
{{< adsense-inarticle >}}

## Tools

[Linux Journal's August 2018 issue is all about containers](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/new-issue-august-2018-containers-issue-now-available)

[Tutorial: Using Azure REST API in Ansible to automate Azure resources](https://open.microsoft.com/2018/07/31/tutorial-azure-rest-api-ansible-automate-azure-resources/)

[ServerlessConf 2018 San Francisco: key takeaways for the future of serverless](https://serverless.com/blog/serverlessconf-recap-san-francisco-2018-key-takeaways-future-serverless/): There's a lot of Go in the serverless world. There's also a lot of folks thinking serverless is going to scale up real fast. What's going to manage all these functions?

[TensorFlow 1.9 Officially Supports the Raspberry Pi](https://medium.com/tensorflow/tensorflow-1-9-officially-supports-the-raspberry-pi-b91669b0aa0): All the machine learning you can do on a $35 platform.

[Introducing eksctl 0.1.0 - our first major release](https://www.weave.works/blog/introducing-eksctl-0-1-0): Create those EKS clusters with ease.

[crosbymichael/boss](https://github.com/crosbymichael/boss): Run containers like a boss

[Demystifying RBAC in Kubernetes](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2018/08/01/demystifying-rbac-in-kubernetes/): There is so much to RBAC in Kubernetes. This will help you on your journey.

[Goodbye Python. Hello Go.](https://thinkfaster.co/2018/07/goodbye-python-hello-go/)

[NFS Persistent Volumes with Kubernetes — A Case Study](https://medium.com/platformer-blog/nfs-persistent-volumes-with-kubernetes-a-case-study-ce1ed6e2c266): "PersistentVolumes that are backed by Compute Engine persistent disks are not supported." I did not know that.

[OKD: Renaming of OpenShift Origin with 3.10 Release](https://blog.openshift.com/okd310release/)

[How to simplify your smart home configuration with GitLab CI/CD](https://about.gitlab.com/2018/08/02/using-the-gitlab-ci-slash-cd-for-smart-home-configuration-management/): How to use GitLab pipelines to automatically test and deploy new home-assistant configurations, wherever you are.

[How to enable NGINX for distributed tracing](https://medium.com/opentracing/how-to-enable-nginx-for-distributed-tracing-9479df18b22c)

[dtan4/terraforming](https://github.com/dtan4/terraforming): Export existing AWS resources to Terraform style (tf, tfstate)

[VPN-less Authentication with Google IAP, K8s, and Ambassador](https://www.asimov.io/blog/2018/8/3/vpn-less-authentication-with-google-iap-k8s-and-ambassador)

[Configuring Google’s Pixelbook to Contribute to Go](https://hackernoon.com/configuring-googles-pixelbook-to-contribute-to-go-2be955c21936): Daniela Petruzalek is a genius.

[Quick Guide to Automating TLS Endpoints in Kubernetes](https://www.rookout.com/quick_guide_to_automating_tls_endpoints_in_kubernetes/)

[Multiline logs in OpenShift EFK stack](https://itnext.io/multiline-logs-in-openshift-efk-stack-7a7bda4ed055)

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1024101529043849216 >}}

Commit message:

123 (#3)
* 123: Site Design Changes

1) Adding Subscribe block to bottom of posts before whoami
2) carbon.html: used to serve carbon ads when Google AdSense can't even
3) adsense-sidebar-200.html: New 200x200 ad unit with Carbon as a fall back
4) sidebar: implementing new ad block
5) Renames

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 123: Init

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 123: Skeleton and Notes ✅

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 123: Rough Draft Done?

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 123: Oh Abby...

Wow... Abby Fuller has a LOT of Tweet of the Weeks!

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 123: Title and Keywords Done

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

* 123: Stats and Tweet of the Week

FIN

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/087/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2018-08-05T07:00:00Z
description ="Psychological Safety, Kubernetes, Ansible, Serverless, AWS, OpenFaaS, and More!"
draft = false
slug = "087"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "cloud", "open source", "kubernetes", "ansible", "serverless", "psychological safety"]
title = "087: Psychological Safety, Kubernetes, Ansible, Serverless, AWS, OpenFaaS, and More!"

+++

**Psychological safety** is something I have often talked about but have found difficult to find in my own work. There's a lot of reasons for this. In a previous life, I couldn't talk about my day to day work and life. As I have gotten further away from that time, It has gotten easier to adjust to being more transparent. With a permanent nerve injury, constant pain, and dealing with the VA it's often a lot for an employer to consume in one fell swoop. This has led me to slowly open the floodgates in the past. As I approached the date of a VA appointment for injections on July 25th, I realized that being 100% remote I needed to sit down with my boss. I needed to explain all the details of my VA disability, the rating, treatments, etc. for her. I cobbled together some notes to keep myself on track and some visual aids. To assist in understanding the scope of my injuries. This is the first time I've been able to gather all this data in one place.

I was nervous. In the past, people have found my story hard to comprehend because "you seem so normal" or "you don't look like you're in pain" or "you look fine". But, it's safe to say most people have never seen me when I wasn't in pain (it's been 15 years since I got hurt). I gave my narrative about how I got hurt, how long it took to get diagnosed, all the treatments tried in the past, how much of a problem it is working with the VA, and my current regimen. My boss listened intently, asked some simple questions for color, then paused to respond. She stated that she was amazed at how well I made it look like I was doing despite having these issues. She said that we'll get through this. She was adamant that I take it easy to get the full benefit of the injections. She even told me to skip meetings (I didn't but I probably should have).

I've never felt more comfortable telling an employer, even a person for that matter, all the things that are going on with me. I know that my boss has my back. She might not understand every nuanced detail but she is willing to learn without prying. She's willing to ask how things are going. To make sure I'm mentally ready to tackle the things we're trying to take on. She's there if I need her. I've never felt more secure in a position than I do right now. **Psychological safety** matters a lot. I finally have it in my work life. For that, I am truly thankful.

[**Continuous delivery on modern infrastructure - Run GoCD on Kubernetes**](https://www.gocd.org/kubernetes/?utm_campaign=Kubernetes&utm_medium=newsletter_ad&utm_source=importpython&utm_content=kubernete_lp&utm_term=)  
Model Docker-based build workflows more effectively with our GoCD Kubernetes integration. Run GoCD natively on Kubernetes, define your build workflow and let GoCD provision and scale build infrastructure on the fly. *SPONSORED*

{{< sponsor-blurb >}}

## People

[A public f***ing service announcement that this is not ok, and you should absolutely not do this.](https://twitter.com/abbyfuller/status/1023937990991720448): Abby Fuller took dude bros to task over their behavior. Women deserve so much better.

[give actionable takeaways](https://bridgetkromhout.com/blog/give-actionable-takeaways/): Bridget Kromhout writes about speaking.

[Sarah Jeong Joins The Times's Editorial Board](https://www.nytco.com/sarah-jeong-joins-the-timess-editorial-board/): The delicate white people this move offended was very enlightening.

[📟💩](http://pagerdoodie.com/): This is sad and funny.

[Google Struggles to Contain Employee Uproar Over China Censorship Plans](https://theintercept.com/2018/08/03/google-search-engine-china-censorship-backlash/): It's hard to be one of the biggest companies in the world and not do business and China.

[Delegation and Time Management](https://medium.com/@skamille/delegation-and-time-management-6cb326a880d3): When being "helpful" is actually hurting

[Squashing inclusivity bugs in open source software](https://opensource.com/article/18/8/inclusivity-bugs-open-source-software): GenderMag methodology identifies gender bias in software tools to help designers eliminate it.

[What almost everyone misunderstands about product managers](https://qz.com/work/1346948/what-is-a-product-manager-job/): "PMs have diverse backgrounds, murky responsibilities, and role definitions that vary widely across companies. They typically sit at the intersection of development (design and engineering) and go-to-market-focused departments (sales and marketing). The research opportunities, guide strategy, and help take features from idea to launch."

[Can a culture of change improve innovation?](https://www.washingtonpost.com/sf/brand-connect/red-hat/can-a-culture-of-change-improve-innovation/) By Jim Whitehurst, president and chief executive officer, Red Hat

[How to be a stronger DevOps leader: 9 tips](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2018/7/how-be-stronger-devops-leader-9-tips): Want to lead your DevOps team to new heights? IT leaders and DevOps experts share steps to take in the realms of talent, measurement, vision, and IT culture
{{< adsense-inarticle >}}

## Process

[Cisco plans to acquire cybersecurity firm Duo Security for $2.35 billion](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/08/02/cisco-buys-security-start-up.html): Seth Vargo [sums up this news perfectly](https://twitter.com/sethvargo/status/1025082176788987905), "While I'm excited for the humans involved in the Duo acquisition, I'm deeply concerned about what this means for the security space. A lot of companies have built their security postures around Duo, and Cisco has allowed foreign governments to install backdoors." I immediately crossed Duo off the list of places I'd be willing to work when I saw the announcement (which sucks because they're local).

[Blockchain, Once Seen as a Corporate Cure-All, Suffers Slowdown](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2018-07-31/blockchain-once-seen-as-a-corporate-cure-all-suffers-slowdown): I know we're all shocked by this "news". 🙄

[Serverless Security: read-only functions with OpenFaaS](https://www.openfaas.com/blog/read-only-functions/): Alex Ellis introduces the read-only functions feature for OpenFaaS - a security concept available with containers and Kubernetes to prevent tampering

[How we scaled nginx and saved the world 54 years every day](https://blog.cloudflare.com/how-we-scaled-nginx-and-saved-the-world-54-years-every-day/): Cloudflare solves really big problems.

[6 DevOps mistakes to avoid](https://opensource.com/article/18/8/getting-started-devops-6-mistakes-avoid): Adopting DevOps practices is fast becoming essential for digital businesses. Here are 6 common pitfalls, and how to avoid them.

[Google is Switching to a Self-Driving Data Center Management System](https://www.datacenterknowledge.com/google-alphabet/google-switching-self-driving-data-center-management-system)

[Top 5 cloud trends of 2018: What has happened and what's next](https://about.gitlab.com/2018/08/02/top-five-cloud-trends/): Cloud computing is officially where it's at. Find out who's in the lead and how to plan for the future.

[Amazon plans to move completely off Oracle software by early 2020](https://www.cnbc.com/2018/08/01/amazon-plans-to-move-off-oracle-software-by-early-2020.html): Amazon has been moving off Oracle for several years and has plans to complete the transition next year, according to people familiar with the matter. Oracle has been unable to keep up with AWS and other vendors in cloud infrastructure.

[State of the cloud: Amazon Web Services is bigger than its other four major competitors, combined](https://www.geekwire.com/2018/state-cloud-amazon-web-services-bigger-four-major-competitors-combined/)

[How much does my Lambda function cost?](http://blog.epsagon.com/how-much-does-my-lambda-function-cost): A Python tool to figure out what all those functions are going to cost you.

[Observerless: The hottest new thing in monitoring you’re already doing](https://weekly.monitoring.love/library/observerless/)

[DevOps At Nike: There Is No Finish Line](https://itrevolution.com/devops-at-nike/)
{{< adsense-inarticle >}}

## Tools

[Linux Journal's August 2018 issue is all about containers](https://www.linuxjournal.com/content/new-issue-august-2018-containers-issue-now-available)

[Tutorial: Using Azure REST API in Ansible to automate Azure resources](https://open.microsoft.com/2018/07/31/tutorial-azure-rest-api-ansible-automate-azure-resources/)

[ServerlessConf 2018 San Francisco: key takeaways for the future of serverless](https://serverless.com/blog/serverlessconf-recap-san-francisco-2018-key-takeaways-future-serverless/): There's a lot of Go in the serverless world. There's also a lot of folks thinking serverless is going to scale up real fast. What's going to manage all these functions?

[TensorFlow 1.9 Officially Supports the Raspberry Pi](https://medium.com/tensorflow/tensorflow-1-9-officially-supports-the-raspberry-pi-b91669b0aa0): All the machine learning you can do on a $35 platform.

[Introducing eksctl 0.1.0 - our first major release](https://www.weave.works/blog/introducing-eksctl-0-1-0): Create those EKS clusters with ease.

[crosbymichael/boss](https://github.com/crosbymichael/boss): Run containers like a boss

[Demystifying RBAC in Kubernetes](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2018/08/01/demystifying-rbac-in-kubernetes/): There is so much to RBAC in Kubernetes. This will help you on your journey.

[Goodbye Python. Hello Go.](https://thinkfaster.co/2018/07/goodbye-python-hello-go/)

[NFS Persistent Volumes with Kubernetes — A Case Study](https://medium.com/platformer-blog/nfs-persistent-volumes-with-kubernetes-a-case-study-ce1ed6e2c266): "PersistentVolumes that are backed by Compute Engine persistent disks are not supported." I did not know that.

[OKD: Renaming of OpenShift Origin with 3.10 Release](https://blog.openshift.com/okd310release/)

[How to simplify your smart home configuration with GitLab CI/CD](https://about.gitlab.com/2018/08/02/using-the-gitlab-ci-slash-cd-for-smart-home-configuration-management/): How to use GitLab pipelines to automatically test and deploy new home-assistant configurations, wherever you are.

[How to enable NGINX for distributed tracing](https://medium.com/opentracing/how-to-enable-nginx-for-distributed-tracing-9479df18b22c)

[dtan4/terraforming](https://github.com/dtan4/terraforming): Export existing AWS resources to Terraform style (tf, tfstate)

[VPN-less Authentication with Google IAP, K8s, and Ambassador](https://www.asimov.io/blog/2018/8/3/vpn-less-authentication-with-google-iap-k8s-and-ambassador)

[Configuring Google’s Pixelbook to Contribute to Go](https://hackernoon.com/configuring-googles-pixelbook-to-contribute-to-go-2be955c21936): Daniela Petruzalek is a genius.

[Quick Guide to Automating TLS Endpoints in Kubernetes](https://www.rookout.com/quick_guide_to_automating_tls_endpoints_in_kubernetes/)

[Multiline logs in OpenShift EFK stack](https://itnext.io/multiline-logs-in-openshift-efk-stack-7a7bda4ed055)

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

you shouldn't need mothers or sisters or wives or daughters to understand that women are people. the number of tweets i get saying "as a father/husband i appreciate you educating me". you shouldn't need me. educate yourself. respect all women, not just the ones in your life.

— Abby Fuller (@abbyfuller) [July 31, 2018](https://twitter.com/abbyfuller/status/1024101529043849216?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw)
