content/post/054/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter", "DevOps News", "2017"]
date = 2017-12-17T06:34:36.763Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "054"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source", "kubernetes", "infrastructure", "linux", "google", "containers", "Docker Inc"]
title = "054: Kubernetes, Docker is Dead, Friend in Need, KubeCon Videos, and More!"
image = "/054/great-white-north.jpg"
imagealt = "I have to drive south to get to Canada"
aliases = [
    "devopsish-054-kubernetes-docker-is-dead-friend-in-need-kubecon-videos-and-more-1011d4dd5cf0"
]

+++

We have been totally buried by snow this week in Michigan. The daily snow forecasts have been underestimated by inches almost everyday. Not a big deal, it's just a lot of powdery snow early in the winter. It'll probably be a white Christmas here in the Detroit metro area. Meanwhile, the job hunt is an odd mix of hot and cold. To be honest, I was hoping to have something pretty solid coming back from KubeCon. The fact that something hasn't happened yet I think can be firmly attributed to the time of year. No one wants to pull the trigger on hiring then go on vacation for the holidays. It's fine, my calendar this past week has been full of calls so I'm not worried, yet. In the back of my head though, doubt creeps in. I tweeted the other night, "[The worst part about job hunting is that it stokes the flames of imposter syndrome harder than any other venture could.](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort/status/941519683525791744)" I found myself nitpicking job descriptions earlier in the week. I would find a single line that didn't apply to me and throw out the position. I caught myself Wednesday night and realized having been in hiring that no one checks every box. If they do you better throw bags of money at them because they will be getting bombarded by legit, good offers every week. Patience is hard, especially this time of year. But, thinking about it, this break has been pretty good for mentally recovering. It might eat away at self-confidence but that's probably a good thing from time to time. Mindfulness and perspective is key.

[**GoCD — Open Source Continuous Delivery Server**](https://devopsish.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=631fcd11ad2a643d08035c221&id=5a1471dfb5&e=7cc492dc98)  
GoCD is a continuous delivery tool supporting modern infrastructure with elastic on-demand agents and cloud deployments. With GoCD, you can easily model, orchestrate and visualize complex workflows from end to end. [It's open source, free to use and download.](https://devopsish.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=631fcd11ad2a643d08035c221&id=3133731028&e=7cc492dc98)


## People

Nyah Check, a Software Developer from Cameroon and friend of mine has been accepted into the Hack Reactor San Francisco January 2018 cohort. The problem is he has to live in SF for four months! [Nyah started a crowdfunding campaign to help out](https://www.generosity.com/education-fundraising/hack-reactor-sf-sponsorship) and he's a little over halfway there. [Help Nyah!!!](https://www.generosity.com/education-fundraising/hack-reactor-sf-sponsorship)

[All 180 videos from CloudNativeCon + KubeCon 2017 have been published](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3aBWkNXnhw&list=PLj6h78yzYM2P-3-xqvmWaZbbI1sW-ulZb). You can even see an interactive talk from Justin Garrison involving [balloon animals and a cameo from yours truly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0mWGaBawR8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2P-3-xqvmWaZbbI1sW-ulZb&index=171).

[14 practical resources for DevOps practitioners](https://opensource.com/article/17/12/devops-reads)

[Will DevOps steal my job?](https://opensource.com/article/17/12/will-devops-steal-my-job) As humans, we inherently fear change. DevOps is all about embracing change. You're not going to be out of a job, you're going to level up! Great piece from my bearded friend, Chris Collins.

[Microsoft Intern's Rape Claim Highlights Struggle to Combat Sex Discrimination](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-12-14/microsoft-intern-s-rape-claim-highlights-struggle-to-combat-sex-discrimination)

[I'm Brian Fox, Author of the Bash Shell, and This Is How I Work](https://lifehacker.com/im-brian-fox-author-of-the-bash-shell-and-this-is-how-1820510600)

[Confessions of a Recovering Jerk Programmer](https://medium.com/compassionate-coding/confessions-of-a-recovering-jerk-programmer-b9d531a05ea9?source=userActivityShare-459b2bcd8b13-1513222941) by April Wensel

[No Need to Pinkify](https://code.likeagirl.io/no-need-to-pinkify-c5609faf6f7f?source=userActivityShare-459b2bcd8b13-1513222905): Girls don't get interested in tech because it is pink. They get interested in it because it is INTERESTING.

[Dear Kubernetes Community](https://medium.com/@rothgar/dear-kubernetes-community-e51cbaabd419) by Justin Garrison

## Process

[The FCC just voted to remove net neutrality protections: Here's how the decision affects consumers](https://apple.news/Ar_baFELRTdKTpKjCeU4PIw)

[Read the full dissenting opinions of the FCC commissioners who tried to save net neutrality](https://apple.news/ANJBzWFMbRqatDEqp9KDatg)

[Day 15 — A DevOps Christmas Carol](https://sysadvent.blogspot.com/2017/12/day-15-devops-christmas-carol.html): Hang it up all other SysAdvent writers. It doesn't get better than this.

[7 DevOps lessons learned in 2017](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2017/12/7-devops-lessons-learned-2017)

[The Intel ME vulnerabilities are a big deal for some people, harmless for most](https://mjg59.dreamwidth.org/49788.html)

[Etsy Announces Move to Google Cloud](https://investors.etsy.com/news-and-events/press-releases/2017/12-14-2017-130416690)

[Encryption in Transit in Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/security/encryption-in-transit/): Encrypt everything. If your modus operandi isn't HTTPS Everywhere then you are doing yourself and your customers a disservice.

[So you're 'agile', huh? I do not think it means what you think it means](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/12/11/you_say_you_are_doing_devops/)

[Introducing Gremlin: Orchestrating Chaos](https://blog.gremlin.com/introducing-gremlin-orchestrating-chaos-b137b74f2371)

## Tools

[Adding Kubernetes support in the Docker platform](https://www.docker.com/kubernetes): When asked if Docker Swarm was dead, Solomon Hykes tweeted, "[Docker will continue to support both Kubernetes and Swarm as first-class citizens, and encourage cross-pollination. Openness and choice create a healthier ecosystem for everyone.](https://twitter.com/solomonstre/status/941080802607222784)" My analysis: Docker Swarm, and likely Docker along with it, is quite dead. Swarm isn't fully baked and is quite far from it. The Docker Swarm product team will not be able to keep up with the Kubernetes community. Docker doesn't help companies run containers at scale better than Google. Docker doesn't build a better UI than the Kubernetes community. Docker has essentially given away everything and conceded to being a marginal consulting firm in the container space. Kubernetes just got boring and Docker (the company) just got put on life support. And yes, I recognize that this is probably punching down at this point.

[Personal Infrastructure by Jess Frazelle](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/personal-infrastructure/)

[Kubernetes 1.9 Brings Stability, Windows Support](https://thenewstack.io/kubernetes-1-9-brings-stability-windows-support/)

[Kubernetes 1.9: Apps Workloads GA and Expanded Ecosystem](http://blog.kubernetes.io/2017/12/kubernetes-19-workloads-expanded-ecosystem.html)

[5 Reasons Why Kubernetes is the real deal!](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/5-reasons-why-kubernetes-real-deal-nicolas-neela-jacques)

[Smooth Sailing with Kubernetes](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/kubernetes-comic/): Learn about Kubernetes and how you can use it for continuous integration and delivery.

[Virtual Kubelet](https://erikstmartin.com/post/virtual-kubelet/) by Erik St. Martin: Rather than interact with a host, and with the container runtime on the host, the Virtual Kubelet has modular, embedded backends called providers.

[Getting Crazy with Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://brianketelsen.com/getting-crazy-with-windows-subsystem-for-linux/?utm=none-twitter-bketelsen) by Brian Ketelsen

[Write a Kubernetes-ready service from zero step-by-step](https://blog.gopheracademy.com/advent-2017/kubernetes-ready-service/)

[Running a Distributed Database on Kubernetes on Azure](https://lenadroid.github.io/posts/stateful-sets-kubernetes-azure.html)

[Auto-Convert Freestyle Jobs to Jenkins Pipeline](https://jenkins.io/blog/2017/12/15/auto-convert-freestyle-jenkins-jobs-to-coded-pipeline/)

[Introducing Amazon Linux 2](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/12/introducing-amazon-linux-2/): I haven't tinkered with this yet but I can't wait to see what Frankenstein distro has been built for all the world to use now.

[StackStorm Exchange goes Serverless](https://stackstorm.com/2017/12/14/stackstorm-exchange-goes-serverless/)

[There's Always Cache in the Banana Stand](https://blog.cloudflare.com/theres-always-cache-in-the-banana-stand/)

[Kubecon 2017 Pancake Podcast: All About the Service Mesh](https://thenewstack.io/kubecon-2017-pancake-podcast-service-mesh/)

[CoreOS's Open Cloud Services Could Bring Cloud Portability to Container-Native Apps](https://thenewstack.io/coreos-open-cloud-services/)

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 942031487809085440 >}}

Commit message:

186 (#97)
* 186 Tweet of the Week

* 186 Rough Draft

Also, Jess Frazelle deleted a lot of very quotable tweets.

* 186 Fin

content/post/054/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter", "DevOps News", "2017"]
date = 2017-12-17T06:34:36.763Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "054"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source", "kubernetes", "infrastructure", "linux", "google", "containers", "Docker Inc"]
title = "054: Kubernetes, Docker is Dead, Friend in Need, KubeCon Videos, and More!"
image = "/054/great-white-north.jpg"
imagealt = "I have to drive south to get to Canada"
aliases = [
    "devopsish-054-kubernetes-docker-is-dead-friend-in-need-kubecon-videos-and-more-1011d4dd5cf0"
]

+++

We have been totally buried by snow this week in Michigan. The daily snow forecasts have been underestimated by inches almost everyday. Not a big deal, it's just a lot of powdery snow early in the winter. It'll probably be a white Christmas here in the Detroit metro area. Meanwhile, the job hunt is an odd mix of hot and cold. To be honest, I was hoping to have something pretty solid coming back from KubeCon. The fact that something hasn't happened yet I think can be firmly attributed to the time of year. No one wants to pull the trigger on hiring then go on vacation for the holidays. It's fine, my calendar this past week has been full of calls so I'm not worried, yet. In the back of my head though, doubt creeps in. I tweeted the other night, "[The worst part about job hunting is that it stokes the flames of imposter syndrome harder than any other venture could.](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort/status/941519683525791744)" I found myself nitpicking job descriptions earlier in the week. I would find a single line that didn't apply to me and throw out the position. I caught myself Wednesday night and realized having been in hiring that no one checks every box. If they do you better throw bags of money at them because they will be getting bombarded by legit, good offers every week. Patience is hard, especially this time of year. But, thinking about it, this break has been pretty good for mentally recovering. It might eat away at self-confidence but that's probably a good thing from time to time. Mindfulness and perspective is key.

[**GoCD — Open Source Continuous Delivery Server**](https://devopsish.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=631fcd11ad2a643d08035c221&id=5a1471dfb5&e=7cc492dc98)  
GoCD is a continuous delivery tool supporting modern infrastructure with elastic on-demand agents and cloud deployments. With GoCD, you can easily model, orchestrate and visualize complex workflows from end to end. [It's open source, free to use and download.](https://devopsish.us14.list-manage.com/track/click?u=631fcd11ad2a643d08035c221&id=3133731028&e=7cc492dc98)


## People

Nyah Check, a Software Developer from Cameroon and friend of mine has been accepted into the Hack Reactor San Francisco January 2018 cohort. The problem is he has to live in SF for four months! [Nyah started a crowdfunding campaign to help out](https://www.generosity.com/education-fundraising/hack-reactor-sf-sponsorship) and he's a little over halfway there. [Help Nyah!!!](https://www.generosity.com/education-fundraising/hack-reactor-sf-sponsorship)

[All 180 videos from CloudNativeCon + KubeCon 2017 have been published](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z3aBWkNXnhw&list=PLj6h78yzYM2P-3-xqvmWaZbbI1sW-ulZb). You can even see an interactive talk from Justin Garrison involving [balloon animals and a cameo from yours truly](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=A0mWGaBawR8&list=PLj6h78yzYM2P-3-xqvmWaZbbI1sW-ulZb&index=171).

[14 practical resources for DevOps practitioners](https://opensource.com/article/17/12/devops-reads)

[Will DevOps steal my job?](https://opensource.com/article/17/12/will-devops-steal-my-job) As humans, we inherently fear change. DevOps is all about embracing change. You're not going to be out of a job, you're going to level up! Great piece from my bearded friend, Chris Collins.

[Microsoft Intern's Rape Claim Highlights Struggle to Combat Sex Discrimination](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2017-12-14/microsoft-intern-s-rape-claim-highlights-struggle-to-combat-sex-discrimination)

[I'm Brian Fox, Author of the Bash Shell, and This Is How I Work](https://lifehacker.com/im-brian-fox-author-of-the-bash-shell-and-this-is-how-1820510600)

[Confessions of a Recovering Jerk Programmer](https://medium.com/compassionate-coding/confessions-of-a-recovering-jerk-programmer-b9d531a05ea9?source=userActivityShare-459b2bcd8b13-1513222941) by April Wensel

[No Need to Pinkify](https://code.likeagirl.io/no-need-to-pinkify-c5609faf6f7f?source=userActivityShare-459b2bcd8b13-1513222905): Girls don't get interested in tech because it is pink. They get interested in it because it is INTERESTING.

[Dear Kubernetes Community](https://medium.com/@rothgar/dear-kubernetes-community-e51cbaabd419) by Justin Garrison

## Process

[The FCC just voted to remove net neutrality protections: Here's how the decision affects consumers](https://apple.news/Ar_baFELRTdKTpKjCeU4PIw)

[Read the full dissenting opinions of the FCC commissioners who tried to save net neutrality](https://apple.news/ANJBzWFMbRqatDEqp9KDatg)

[Day 15 — A DevOps Christmas Carol](https://sysadvent.blogspot.com/2017/12/day-15-devops-christmas-carol.html): Hang it up all other SysAdvent writers. It doesn't get better than this.

[7 DevOps lessons learned in 2017](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2017/12/7-devops-lessons-learned-2017)

[The Intel ME vulnerabilities are a big deal for some people, harmless for most](https://mjg59.dreamwidth.org/49788.html)

[Etsy Announces Move to Google Cloud](https://investors.etsy.com/news-and-events/press-releases/2017/12-14-2017-130416690)

[Encryption in Transit in Google Cloud](https://cloud.google.com/security/encryption-in-transit/): Encrypt everything. If your modus operandi isn't HTTPS Everywhere then you are doing yourself and your customers a disservice.

[So you're 'agile', huh? I do not think it means what you think it means](http://www.theregister.co.uk/2017/12/11/you_say_you_are_doing_devops/)

[Introducing Gremlin: Orchestrating Chaos](https://blog.gremlin.com/introducing-gremlin-orchestrating-chaos-b137b74f2371)

## Tools

[Adding Kubernetes support in the Docker platform](https://www.docker.com/kubernetes): When asked if Docker Swarm was dead, Solomon Hykes tweeted, "[Docker will continue to support both Kubernetes and Swarm as first-class citizens, and encourage cross-pollination. Openness and choice create a healthier ecosystem for everyone.](https://twitter.com/solomonstre/status/941080802607222784)" My analysis: Docker Swarm, and likely Docker along with it, is quite dead. Swarm isn't fully baked and is quite far from it. The Docker Swarm product team will not be able to keep up with the Kubernetes community. Docker doesn't help companies run containers at scale better than Google. Docker doesn't build a better UI than the Kubernetes community. Docker has essentially given away everything and conceded to being a marginal consulting firm in the container space. Kubernetes just got boring and Docker (the company) just got put on life support. And yes, I recognize that this is probably punching down at this point.

[Personal Infrastructure by Jess Frazelle](https://blog.jessfraz.com/post/personal-infrastructure/)

[Kubernetes 1.9 Brings Stability, Windows Support](https://thenewstack.io/kubernetes-1-9-brings-stability-windows-support/)

[Kubernetes 1.9: Apps Workloads GA and Expanded Ecosystem](http://blog.kubernetes.io/2017/12/kubernetes-19-workloads-expanded-ecosystem.html)

[5 Reasons Why Kubernetes is the real deal!](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/5-reasons-why-kubernetes-real-deal-nicolas-neela-jacques)

[Smooth Sailing with Kubernetes](https://cloud.google.com/kubernetes-engine/kubernetes-comic/): Learn about Kubernetes and how you can use it for continuous integration and delivery.

[Virtual Kubelet](https://erikstmartin.com/post/virtual-kubelet/) by Erik St. Martin: Rather than interact with a host, and with the container runtime on the host, the Virtual Kubelet has modular, embedded backends called providers.

[Getting Crazy with Windows Subsystem for Linux](https://brianketelsen.com/getting-crazy-with-windows-subsystem-for-linux/?utm=none-twitter-bketelsen) by Brian Ketelsen

[Write a Kubernetes-ready service from zero step-by-step](https://blog.gopheracademy.com/advent-2017/kubernetes-ready-service/)

[Running a Distributed Database on Kubernetes on Azure](https://lenadroid.github.io/posts/stateful-sets-kubernetes-azure.html)

[Auto-Convert Freestyle Jobs to Jenkins Pipeline](https://jenkins.io/blog/2017/12/15/auto-convert-freestyle-jenkins-jobs-to-coded-pipeline/)

[Introducing Amazon Linux 2](https://aws.amazon.com/about-aws/whats-new/2017/12/introducing-amazon-linux-2/): I haven't tinkered with this yet but I can't wait to see what Frankenstein distro has been built for all the world to use now.

[StackStorm Exchange goes Serverless](https://stackstorm.com/2017/12/14/stackstorm-exchange-goes-serverless/)

[There's Always Cache in the Banana Stand](https://blog.cloudflare.com/theres-always-cache-in-the-banana-stand/)

[Kubecon 2017 Pancake Podcast: All About the Service Mesh](https://thenewstack.io/kubecon-2017-pancake-podcast-service-mesh/)

[CoreOS's Open Cloud Services Could Bring Cloud Portability to Container-Native Apps](https://thenewstack.io/coreos-open-cloud-services/)

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

> Hire the people who will automate themselves out of a job, then just keep giving them jobs.
>
> — Jessie Frazelle (@jessfraz) December 16, 2017
