content/post/025.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly"]
date = 2017-05-28T11:26:22.658Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "025"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = "025: Week of 1495944000"
featured = "memorial-day.jpg"
featuredalt = "Memorial Day"
featuredpath = "date"

+++

Memorial Day has many meanings but, this weekend I will remember those we've lost in service to freedom around the globe. Take a moment to reflect on the good in the world this weekend. Remember, living our lives to their fullest are the best thing we can do to honor them.

The world of DevOps was a little chaotic this week. More and more I realize that people need a shock to the system to realize that they are just layering on more and more technical debt while driving themselves to obsolescence. We as a society have become two things: 1) a disposable society in which we would rather get something new than fixing a broken thing, and 2) an Apple society in which we expect simplistic concepts to have equally simplistic implementations. "It just works" has permeated our consciousness. Not many people care how it works.

## Department of Choice Concepts

[Thirty common challenges to DevOps and how to resolve them](https://techbeacon.com/30-common-challenges-devops-how-resolve-them).

I love [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/) and containers are great. People are often confused about when to use either or both or maintain some sense of esoteric purity. Nick Janetakis demonstrates [when to use Ansible or Docker](https://diveintodocker.com/blog/docker-and-ansible-solve-2-different-problems-and-they-can-be-used-together).

I don't know how I missed this great piece by [Irma Kornilova](undefined). [DevOps is a culture, not a role!](https://dev.jlelse.eu/devops-is-a-culture-not-a-role-be1bed149b0)

[Every software engineer should be able to answer these questions: What just happened? What's happening now? What's about to happen?](https://thenewstack.io/dev-ops-doesnt-matter-need-observability/)

[Go the F to Sleep, DevOps](https://m.signalvnoise.com/sleep-deprivation-is-not-a-badge-of-honor-f24fbff47a75).

[Harry Roberts does some nifty things with git](https://csswizardry.com/2017/05/little-things-i-like-to-do-with-git/).

[Stack Overflow crossed a major milestone this week by fully embracing HTTPS](https://nickcraver.com/blog/2017/05/22/https-on-stack-overflow/).

## Department of Discussion

I spoke at [Open Source South Carolina](https://www.meetup.com/Open-Source-South-Carolina/events/239747095/) this week and it was fantastic! I spent DAYS building the slides for [A Night of DevOps](https://speakerdeck.com/chrisshort/a-night-of-devops) and I'm really happy how it turned out.

## Department of Interior

[5 laws every aspiring DevOps engineer should know](https://opensource.com/open-organization/17/5/5-devops-laws): Good engineers become great engineers when they follow these rules.

I have a pretty big announcement coming this week. Keep track on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort) and [chrisshort.net](https://chrisshort.net/).

## Department of Refreshment and Refurbishment

According to Kelsey Hightower, "Kubernetes changed how we deploy applications. Istio is going to change how we connect, manage, and secure them. [https://istio.io/](https://istio.io/)"

Bitnami, Box, Microsoft, and Heptio collaborated on ksonnet. "[ksonnet is an open source configuration tool for configuring applications in Kubernetes based on the jsonnet templating library.](http://blog.bitnami.com/2017/05/ksonnet-open-source.html)"

[Alpine Linux 3.6.0 was released this week](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.6.0-released.html). Hide yo' kids, update yo' containers.

The way Ansible is implementing inventories is being significantly extended. [Transition inventory into plugins has been merged into ansible:devel](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/23001).

Francesc Campoy brings us up to speed on [The State of Go](https://talks.golang.org/2017/state-of-go-may.slide) prior to the 1.9 release.

[Windows switch to Git almost complete: 8,500 commits and 1,760 builds each day](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/05/90-of-windows-devs-now-using-git-creating-1760-windows-builds-per-day/). Microsoft is blowing my mind lately; it's a good thing. This means [Windows is the largest git repo on the planet](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/bharry/2017/05/24/the-largest-git-repo-on-the-planet/).

## Department of Assemblage Obtainment

Red Hat makes another open source philosophy acquisition and I love it! [Codenvy has agreed to be acquired by Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en/about/press-releases/red-hat-acquire-codenvy-provider-agile-and-cloud-native-development-tools).

[Amazon hired a sixty-two-year-old engineer this week](https://venturebeat.com/2017/05/22/aws-signs-java-father-james-gosling/). This should say a lot about Amazon (and if you think that's negative, you are wrong).

## Department of Sane Workplaces

Scott McCarty shows us [how to maintain a technical background while climbing the ladder to success escalator style](https://opensource.com/article/17/5/how-stay-technical-while-becoming-business-savvy).

## One-Liner of the Week

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Drew a chart <a href="https://t.co/mW5WCWsqIp">pic.twitter.com/mW5WCWsqIp</a></p>&mdash; jessie frazelle (@jessfraz) <a href="https://twitter.com/jessfraz/status/867488490237374465?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Commit message:

Content Import Complete; whoami Everywhere
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/025.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly"]
date = 2017-05-28T11:26:22.658Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "025"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = "025: Week of 1495944000"
featured = "memorial-day.jpg"
featuredalt = "Memorial Day"
featuredpath = "date"

+++

Memorial Day has many meanings but, this weekend I will remember those we've lost in service to freedom around the globe. Take a moment to reflect on the good in the world this weekend. Remember, living our lives to their fullest are the best thing we can do to honor them.

The world of DevOps was a little chaotic this week. More and more I realize that people need a shock to the system to realize that they are just layering on more and more technical debt while driving themselves to obsolescence. We as a society have become two things: 1) a disposable society in which we would rather get something new than fixing a broken thing, and 2) an Apple society in which we expect simplistic concepts to have equally simplistic implementations. "It just works" has permeated our consciousness. Not many people care how it works.

## Department of Choice Concepts

[Thirty common challenges to DevOps and how to resolve them](https://techbeacon.com/30-common-challenges-devops-how-resolve-them).

I love [Ansible](https://www.ansible.com/) and containers are great. People are often confused about when to use either or both or maintain some sense of esoteric purity. Nick Janetakis demonstrates [when to use Ansible or Docker](https://diveintodocker.com/blog/docker-and-ansible-solve-2-different-problems-and-they-can-be-used-together).

I don't know how I missed this great piece by [Irma Kornilova](undefined). [DevOps is a culture, not a role!](https://dev.jlelse.eu/devops-is-a-culture-not-a-role-be1bed149b0)

[Every software engineer should be able to answer these questions: What just happened? What's happening now? What's about to happen?](https://thenewstack.io/dev-ops-doesnt-matter-need-observability/)

[Go the F to Sleep, DevOps](https://m.signalvnoise.com/sleep-deprivation-is-not-a-badge-of-honor-f24fbff47a75).

[Harry Roberts does some nifty things with git](https://csswizardry.com/2017/05/little-things-i-like-to-do-with-git/).

[Stack Overflow crossed a major milestone this week by fully embracing HTTPS](https://nickcraver.com/blog/2017/05/22/https-on-stack-overflow/).

## Department of Discussion

I spoke at [Open Source South Carolina](https://www.meetup.com/Open-Source-South-Carolina/events/239747095/) this week and it was fantastic! I spent DAYS building the slides for [A Night of DevOps](https://speakerdeck.com/chrisshort/a-night-of-devops) and I'm really happy how it turned out.

## Department of Interior

[5 laws every aspiring DevOps engineer should know](https://opensource.com/open-organization/17/5/5-devops-laws): Good engineers become great engineers when they follow these rules.

I have a pretty big announcement coming this week. Keep track on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort) and [chrisshort.net](https://chrisshort.net/).

## Department of Refreshment and Refurbishment

According to Kelsey Hightower, "Kubernetes changed how we deploy applications. Istio is going to change how we connect, manage, and secure them. [https://istio.io/](https://istio.io/)"

Bitnami, Box, Microsoft, and Heptio collaborated on ksonnet. "[ksonnet is an open source configuration tool for configuring applications in Kubernetes based on the jsonnet templating library.](http://blog.bitnami.com/2017/05/ksonnet-open-source.html)"

[Alpine Linux 3.6.0 was released this week](https://alpinelinux.org/posts/Alpine-3.6.0-released.html). Hide yo' kids, update yo' containers.

The way Ansible is implementing inventories is being significantly extended. [Transition inventory into plugins has been merged into ansible:devel](https://github.com/ansible/ansible/pull/23001).

Francesc Campoy brings us up to speed on [The State of Go](https://talks.golang.org/2017/state-of-go-may.slide) prior to the 1.9 release.

[Windows switch to Git almost complete: 8,500 commits and 1,760 builds each day](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2017/05/90-of-windows-devs-now-using-git-creating-1760-windows-builds-per-day/). Microsoft is blowing my mind lately; it's a good thing. This means [Windows is the largest git repo on the planet](https://blogs.msdn.microsoft.com/bharry/2017/05/24/the-largest-git-repo-on-the-planet/).

## Department of Assemblage Obtainment

Red Hat makes another open source philosophy acquisition and I love it! [Codenvy has agreed to be acquired by Red Hat](https://www.redhat.com/en/about/press-releases/red-hat-acquire-codenvy-provider-agile-and-cloud-native-development-tools).

[Amazon hired a sixty-two-year-old engineer this week](https://venturebeat.com/2017/05/22/aws-signs-java-father-james-gosling/). This should say a lot about Amazon (and if you think that's negative, you are wrong).

## Department of Sane Workplaces

Scott McCarty shows us [how to maintain a technical background while climbing the ladder to success escalator style](https://opensource.com/article/17/5/how-stay-technical-while-becoming-business-savvy).

## Tweet of the Week

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">Drew a chart <a href="https://t.co/mW5WCWsqIp">pic.twitter.com/mW5WCWsqIp</a></p>&mdash; jessie frazelle (@jessfraz) <a href="https://twitter.com/jessfraz/status/867488490237374465?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">May 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## whoami

I'm [**Chris Short**](https://chrisshort.net), 20+ veteran of the IT industry and 11 year veteran of the US Air Force. I help people and companies embrace DevOps practices and tools through writing and public speaking. I am a staunch advocate for transparency and open source solutions to problems. Follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort)!
