content/post/029.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly"]
date = 2017-06-25T12:02:22.203Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "029"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = "029: Week of 1498363200"
featured = "downtown-detroit-from-bankrate-office.jpg"
featuredalt = "View from my office in Downtown Detroit"
featuredpath = "date"

+++

My first full week working as Manager, DevOps at Bankrate.com in Downtown Detroit was great! There is an amazing transformation happening here in Detroit. I foresee Detroit becoming a huge tech hub and DevOps center of gravity in the not too distant future. If you are interested in joining this effort and building a world class DevOps team at Bankrate.com [I am looking to fill one more DevOps Engineer position](http://app.jobvite.com/m?3ru8KiwA) on my team at the moment.

I also had the pleasure of hearing [Baruch Sadogursky](https://twitter.com/jbaruch) from [JFrog](https://www.jfrog.com/) talk about [DevOps Transformation](https://www.jfrog.com/shownotes/devops-scale-greek-tragedy-3-acts-devops-detroit/) at [DevOps Detroit](https://www.meetup.com/DevOps-Detroit/). The talk had a great theme (Greek tragedies) and walked through the stereotypical DevOps greenfield scenario. Two things Baruch said really stood out to me. "Pain is instructional." It is very unlikely you are going to go from startup to Google/Facebook/Netflix in the span of a few weeks, months, or years. The growing pains that will be unique to your organization and applications are incredibly helpful in guiding you towards your goals.

Baruch also addressed the DevOps as a job title or department in a way that resonated with me, "DevOps Engineers are DevOps enablers in their organizations." This is so true! When DevOps tries to be the entire organization's culture from day one it will fail. You have to get some buy-in and start. The whole organization will transform iteratively in small, manageable pieces (just like in our workflows). I have come to learn that DevOps is as much about patience as it is speed and flow.

SPONSORED
[**Full Stack Fest 2017: Problems of today, wonders from the future.**](https://2017.fullstackfest.com)
Barcelona, 4–8 Sept. 2017

Are you a curious mind? [Full Stack Fest](https://2017.fullstackfest.com) is a week-long conference based in the amazing city of Barcelona that peeks into the web of tomorrow. Serverless, Blockchain, WebVR, Distributed Web, Progressive Web Apps... Come and see! Early bird tickets available with a 10% discount using the code DEVOPSISH.

## Department of Choice Concepts

Serverless is very real, folks. [Adam Pash](https://medium.com/@adampash) shows us how he's [Serving 39 Million Requests for $370/Month, or: How We Reduced Our Hosting Costs by Two Orders of Magnitude](https://trackchanges.postlight.com/serving-39-million-requests-for-370-month-or-how-we-reduced-our-hosting-costs-by-two-orders-of-edc30a9a88cd)

[Crunchy Container Suite](https://github.com/CrunchyData/crunchy-containers) provides Docker containers that enable rapid deployment of PostgreSQL, including administration and monitoring tools. Multiple styles of deploying PostgreSQL clusters are supported.

I feel like this might serve me well in the near future: [Deploying .NET Application on Docker & Kubernetes](https://hackernoon.com/deploying-net-application-on-docker-kubernetes-21ae85273827)

[Julien Vehent](https://twitter.com/jvehent) is writing a book I find rather intriguing: [Securing DevOps](https://www.manning.com/books/securing-devops) has been in production for almost a year and is expected to be released this fall.

Jeff Geerling went on an Ansible writing tear this week! [Updating all your servers with Ansible](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2017/updating-all-your-servers-ansible) and [Mount an AWS EFS filesystem on an EC2 instance with Ansible](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2017/mount-aws-efs-filesystem-on-ec2-instance-ansible) are both great reads.

[Linus Torvalds Explains How Linux Still Surprises and Motivates Him](https://www.linux.com/blog/event/lc3-china/20176/6/linus-torvalds-explains-how-linux-still-surprises-and-motivates-him)

Danger, Will Robinson! [Some things you should know before using Amazon's Elasticsearch Service on AWS](https://read.acloud.guru/things-you-should-know-before-using-awss-elasticsearch-service-7cd70c9afb4f) via [Liz Bennett](https://medium.com/@lizbennett)

## Department of Data Defense

Qualys made the world aware of [Stack Clash](https://blog.qualys.com/securitylabs/2017/06/19/the-stack-clash).

[Luciano Mammino](https://twitter.com/loige) shares how to [Use Let's Encrypt and Certbot to automate the creation of certificates for OpenVPN](http://loige.co/using-lets-encrypt-and-certbot-to-automate-the-creation-of-certificates-for-openvpn/).

The folks behind ProtonMail have officially released [ProtonVPN](https://protonvpn.com/blog/free-vpn-service-launch/). Remember, a VPN is only as trustworthy as you can verify it to be. If you don't own a VPN stem to stern you still can't fully trust it.

## Department of Sane Workplaces

[Advice for large teams on Slack](https://slackhq.com/advice-for-large-teams-on-slack-8518f8f09c91)

If you're a Medium subscriber please read and heed this: [How the Best Managers Keep Star Talent](https://medium.com/@matttrainer/how-the-best-managers-keep-star-talent-4b025e772f81)

On Wednesday we all woke up and rejoiced when we learned [Uber Founder Travis Kalanick Resigns as C.E.O.](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/technology/uber-ceo-travis-kalanick.html) Then we all sat there shaking our heads when we learned [Uber employees are circulating a petition to ask the board to let Travis Kalanick return](https://www.recode.net/2017/6/22/15855174/uber-employees-petition-travis-kalanick-return).

I studied Buddhism as a child ([long story](https://chrisshort.net/center-for-purposeful-living/)) and found this piece from [Faisal Hoque](https://medium.com/@faisal_hoque) via [Hackernoon](https://medium.com/@hackernoon) to be quite a nice reminder: [Buddha Had It Right: Relax The Mind And Productivity Will Follow](https://hackernoon.com/buddha-had-it-right-relax-the-mind-and-productivity-will-follow-f2e21b1ef928)

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I&#39;ve seen &quot;ROCK STAR&quot; at least 3x to desc <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/devops?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#devops</a> THIS WEEK. Is everyone ignoring that this excludes women? Or do y&#39;all really not care?</p>&mdash; nicole forsgren (@nicolefv) <a href="https://twitter.com/nicolefv/status/877886212551303168?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 22, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Not DevOps But Still Cool

[Older fathers have 'geekier sons'](http://www.bbc.com/news/health-40340540) via BBC

## One-Liner of the Week

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It&#39;s really hard for people to internalize that there are other sides to their friends and colleagues that *they may never see*.</p>&mdash; Charity Majors (@mipsytipsy) <a href="https://twitter.com/mipsytipsy/status/878748980125069313?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

Commit message:

Content Import Complete; whoami Everywhere
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/029.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly"]
date = 2017-06-25T12:02:22.203Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "029"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = "029: Week of 1498363200"
featured = "downtown-detroit-from-bankrate-office.jpg"
featuredalt = "View from my office in Downtown Detroit"
featuredpath = "date"

+++

My first full week working as Manager, DevOps at Bankrate.com in Downtown Detroit was great! There is an amazing transformation happening here in Detroit. I foresee Detroit becoming a huge tech hub and DevOps center of gravity in the not too distant future. If you are interested in joining this effort and building a world class DevOps team at Bankrate.com [I am looking to fill one more DevOps Engineer position](http://app.jobvite.com/m?3ru8KiwA) on my team at the moment.

I also had the pleasure of hearing [Baruch Sadogursky](https://twitter.com/jbaruch) from [JFrog](https://www.jfrog.com/) talk about [DevOps Transformation](https://www.jfrog.com/shownotes/devops-scale-greek-tragedy-3-acts-devops-detroit/) at [DevOps Detroit](https://www.meetup.com/DevOps-Detroit/). The talk had a great theme (Greek tragedies) and walked through the stereotypical DevOps greenfield scenario. Two things Baruch said really stood out to me. "Pain is instructional." It is very unlikely you are going to go from startup to Google/Facebook/Netflix in the span of a few weeks, months, or years. The growing pains that will be unique to your organization and applications are incredibly helpful in guiding you towards your goals.

Baruch also addressed the DevOps as a job title or department in a way that resonated with me, "DevOps Engineers are DevOps enablers in their organizations." This is so true! When DevOps tries to be the entire organization's culture from day one it will fail. You have to get some buy-in and start. The whole organization will transform iteratively in small, manageable pieces (just like in our workflows). I have come to learn that DevOps is as much about patience as it is speed and flow.

SPONSORED
[**Full Stack Fest 2017: Problems of today, wonders from the future.**](https://2017.fullstackfest.com)
Barcelona, 4–8 Sept. 2017

Are you a curious mind? [Full Stack Fest](https://2017.fullstackfest.com) is a week-long conference based in the amazing city of Barcelona that peeks into the web of tomorrow. Serverless, Blockchain, WebVR, Distributed Web, Progressive Web Apps... Come and see! Early bird tickets available with a 10% discount using the code DEVOPSISH.

## Department of Choice Concepts

Serverless is very real, folks. [Adam Pash](https://medium.com/@adampash) shows us how he's [Serving 39 Million Requests for $370/Month, or: How We Reduced Our Hosting Costs by Two Orders of Magnitude](https://trackchanges.postlight.com/serving-39-million-requests-for-370-month-or-how-we-reduced-our-hosting-costs-by-two-orders-of-edc30a9a88cd)

[Crunchy Container Suite](https://github.com/CrunchyData/crunchy-containers) provides Docker containers that enable rapid deployment of PostgreSQL, including administration and monitoring tools. Multiple styles of deploying PostgreSQL clusters are supported.

I feel like this might serve me well in the near future: [Deploying .NET Application on Docker & Kubernetes](https://hackernoon.com/deploying-net-application-on-docker-kubernetes-21ae85273827)

[Julien Vehent](https://twitter.com/jvehent) is writing a book I find rather intriguing: [Securing DevOps](https://www.manning.com/books/securing-devops) has been in production for almost a year and is expected to be released this fall.

Jeff Geerling went on an Ansible writing tear this week! [Updating all your servers with Ansible](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2017/updating-all-your-servers-ansible) and [Mount an AWS EFS filesystem on an EC2 instance with Ansible](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2017/mount-aws-efs-filesystem-on-ec2-instance-ansible) are both great reads.

[Linus Torvalds Explains How Linux Still Surprises and Motivates Him](https://www.linux.com/blog/event/lc3-china/20176/6/linus-torvalds-explains-how-linux-still-surprises-and-motivates-him)

Danger, Will Robinson! [Some things you should know before using Amazon's Elasticsearch Service on AWS](https://read.acloud.guru/things-you-should-know-before-using-awss-elasticsearch-service-7cd70c9afb4f) via [Liz Bennett](https://medium.com/@lizbennett)

## Department of Data Defense

Qualys made the world aware of [Stack Clash](https://blog.qualys.com/securitylabs/2017/06/19/the-stack-clash).

[Luciano Mammino](https://twitter.com/loige) shares how to [Use Let's Encrypt and Certbot to automate the creation of certificates for OpenVPN](http://loige.co/using-lets-encrypt-and-certbot-to-automate-the-creation-of-certificates-for-openvpn/).

The folks behind ProtonMail have officially released [ProtonVPN](https://protonvpn.com/blog/free-vpn-service-launch/). Remember, a VPN is only as trustworthy as you can verify it to be. If you don't own a VPN stem to stern you still can't fully trust it.

## Department of Sane Workplaces

[Advice for large teams on Slack](https://slackhq.com/advice-for-large-teams-on-slack-8518f8f09c91)

If you're a Medium subscriber please read and heed this: [How the Best Managers Keep Star Talent](https://medium.com/@matttrainer/how-the-best-managers-keep-star-talent-4b025e772f81)

On Wednesday we all woke up and rejoiced when we learned [Uber Founder Travis Kalanick Resigns as C.E.O.](https://mobile.nytimes.com/2017/06/21/technology/uber-ceo-travis-kalanick.html) Then we all sat there shaking our heads when we learned [Uber employees are circulating a petition to ask the board to let Travis Kalanick return](https://www.recode.net/2017/6/22/15855174/uber-employees-petition-travis-kalanick-return).

I studied Buddhism as a child ([long story](https://chrisshort.net/center-for-purposeful-living/)) and found this piece from [Faisal Hoque](https://medium.com/@faisal_hoque) via [Hackernoon](https://medium.com/@hackernoon) to be quite a nice reminder: [Buddha Had It Right: Relax The Mind And Productivity Will Follow](https://hackernoon.com/buddha-had-it-right-relax-the-mind-and-productivity-will-follow-f2e21b1ef928)

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">I&#39;ve seen &quot;ROCK STAR&quot; at least 3x to desc <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/devops?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#devops</a> THIS WEEK. Is everyone ignoring that this excludes women? Or do y&#39;all really not care?</p>&mdash; nicole forsgren (@nicolefv) <a href="https://twitter.com/nicolefv/status/877886212551303168?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 22, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Not DevOps But Still Cool

[Older fathers have 'geekier sons'](http://www.bbc.com/news/health-40340540) via BBC

## Tweet of the Week

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">It&#39;s really hard for people to internalize that there are other sides to their friends and colleagues that *they may never see*.</p>&mdash; Charity Majors (@mipsytipsy) <a href="https://twitter.com/mipsytipsy/status/878748980125069313?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">June 24, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## whoami

I'm [**Chris Short**](https://chrisshort.net), 20+ veteran of the IT industry and 11 year veteran of the US Air Force. I help people and companies embrace DevOps practices and tools through writing and public speaking. I am a staunch advocate for transparency and open source solutions to problems. Follow me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort)!
