content/post/034.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly"]
date = 2019-01-01T00:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = ""
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = ""
featured = ""
featuredalt = ""
featuredpath = "date"

+++

# DevOps'ish 034: The 6Ps, Ops, Microsoft, Kubernetes, Terraform, and More

Trying to juggle too many tasks will *kill* your productivity. Focus on one thing at a time. — David Neal

A long and arduous week in the world of [**DevOps**](https://devopsish.com) for me. The challenges of management are quite interesting. Trying to jump start DevOps initiatives, change technologies, migrate away from legacy infrastructure, as well as hire and manage people is grueling and exciting all at the same time. Then 💥 boom 💥 along comes the most arbitrarily timed, poorly planned project you have ever seen to throw a monkey wrench into everything. Remember The 6Ps, kids: Proper Planning Prevents Piss Poor Performance. Did I mention we closed on a new house this week and are having problems with our moving company? Life gets in the way, yet life always finds a way. You have to remember you're not an electron, your path will not always be the least resistant one. If [**DevOps**](https://devopsish.com) was easy, everyone would already be doing it.

<iframe src="https://medium.com/media/239453e847b9ef7f0497228ebd71594f" frameborder=0></iframe>

## People

[Ops: It's everyone's job now by Charity Majors](https://opensource.com/article/17/7/state-systems-administration): Ops is the process of delivering value to users. Ops is where beautiful theory meets stubborn reality.

[Let's Get Excited About Maintenance!](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/22/opinion/sunday/lets-get-excited-about-maintenance.html) Unlike innovation, which has a cottage industry devoted to its study and cultivation, maintenance is not something we spend a lot of time trying to understand better. Perhaps if we thought harder about it, we would grant it the prestige and the funding it deserves.

[Dear tech dudes, stop being so dumb about women](https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/23/dear-tech-dudes-stop-being-such-idiots-about-women/): *stop being such a goddamn ignoramus for crying out loud*.

[GopherCon 2017 videos are live!](https://twitter.com/GopherCon/status/889558591547600896)

<center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>

[DevOps Tips and Inspiration From DevOps Enterprise Summit (DOES) Speakers](https://dzone.com/articles/devops-tips-and-inspiration-from-devops-enterprise): Leading DevOps minds share their insights on DevOps leadership and transformation, metrics, and collaboration for real-world success.

[Google Spent 2 Years Studying 180 Teams. The Most Successful Ones Shared These 5 Traits](https://www.inc.com/michael-schneider/google-thought-they-knew-how-to-create-the-perfect.html)

<iframe src="https://medium.com/media/a0247248e331f579408ae376de0cadbb" frameborder=0></iframe>

## Processes

[Dockerize a .NET Core application](https://docs.docker.com/engine/examples/dotnetcore/): Develop and run your ASP.NET Core apps cross-platform on Windows, MacOS and Linux. ASP.NET Core apps can run on .NET Core or on the full .NET Framework.

[How Microsoft brought SQL Server to Linux](https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/17/how-microsoft-brought-sql-server-to-linux/): "Talking to enterprises, it became clear that doing this was necessary. We were forcing customers to use Windows as their platform of choice."

[Microsoft joins Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/announcing-cncf/): Open source is a way to scale software development beyond what any single organization can do. It allows vendors, customers, researchers and others to collaborate and share knowledge about problems and solutions, like no other form of development.

[Create your first container in Azure Container Instances](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-instances/container-instances-quickstart): In this quick start, you will create a container in Azure and expose it to the internet with a public IP address.

[Senator demands to know why email isn't shielded by DMARC](https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2017/07/25/us-government-email-still-not-using-a-key-security-tool-to-protect-users/): A recent open letter from Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) notes that most federal departments aren't using an email security protocol that has been around for the past five years.

[Quickly review changed methods and functions in your pull requests](https://github.com/blog/2407-quickly-review-changed-methods-and-functions-in-your-pull-requests): Now you can navigate to changed methods and functions right from your pull request file finder.

[GitLab automates DevOps with new concept, Auto DevOps](http://sdtimes.com/gitlab-automates-devops-new-concept-auto-devops/): Auto DevOps, a concept that was designed to help developers deliver ideas to production faster, is GitLab's new collection of features for building, testing and deploying applications, as well as features for review apps and setting up code quality.

[Status update from the Reproducible Builds project](https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel-announce/2017/07/msg00004.html)

<iframe src="https://medium.com/media/876b923ff6ba26e826a7e54ab403f680" frameborder=0></iframe>

## Tools

[karn](https://github.com/GrantSeltzer/karn): A simple and easy to use linux security profile generator

[Conference List](https://conferencelist.co/): Find conferences near you

[Go 1.9 Release Candidate 1](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/golang-nuts/AvJ6FHZCiYQ):

[Kubernetes Replicas: Underappreciated Workhorses](https://blog.openshift.com/kubernetes-replicas-appreciated-workhorses/): The basic idea behind a replica (or **instance** or **clone**) is that if you have multiple, **identical** copies of your pod running, potentially on different nodes in the cluster, a couple of things suddenly become possible...

[Terrafam](https://medium.com/@alsmola/iam-simply-with-terrafam-c436241c4054) allows you to define IAM users, groups, roles and the access policies associated with them in an incredibly terse declarative yaml syntax.

[geerlingguy.collectd-signalfx](https://galaxy.ansible.com/geerlingguy/collectd-signalfx/): SignalFx Collectd installation for Linux

[vice](https://medium.com/@matryer/introducing-vice-go-channels-across-many-machines-bcac1147d7e2): Go channels across many machines

[Addict](https://github.com/dthree/addict): Get a full Active Directory REST API in 30 seconds

[Cracking the Lens: Targeting HTTP's Hidden Attack-Surface](http://blog.portswigger.net/2017/07/cracking-lens-targeting-https-hidden.html)

[aws-ec2rescue-linux](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-ec2rescue-linux): Amazon Web Services Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) Rescue for Linux is a python-based tool that allows for the automatic diagnosis of common problems found on EC2 Linux instances.

## One-Liner of the Week

<iframe src="https://medium.com/media/bfae1c7b1d4d7b7b34084c5511f6c911" frameborder=0></iframe>

Commit message:

More Content Imports
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/034.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly"]
date = 2017-07-30T11:01:00.856Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "034"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = "034: The 6Ps, Ops, Microsoft, Kubernetes, Terraform, and More"
featured = "wip.jpg"
featuredalt = "Trying to juggle too many tasks will kill your productivity. Focus on one thing at a time. —David Neal"
featuredpath = "date"

+++

A long and arduous week in the world of [**DevOps**](https://devopsish.com) for me. The challenges of management are quite interesting. Trying to jump start DevOps initiatives, change technologies, migrate away from legacy infrastructure, as well as hire and manage people is grueling and exciting all at the same time. Then 💥 boom 💥 along comes the most arbitrarily timed, poorly planned project you have ever seen to throw a monkey wrench into everything. Remember The 6Ps, kids: Proper Planning Prevents Piss Poor Performance. Did I mention we closed on a new house this week and are having problems with our moving company? Life gets in the way, yet life always finds a way. You have to remember you're not an electron, your path will not always be the least resistant one. If [**DevOps**](https://devopsish.com) was easy, everyone would already be doing it.

## People

[Ops: It's everyone's job now by Charity Majors](https://opensource.com/article/17/7/state-systems-administration): Ops is the process of delivering value to users. Ops is where beautiful theory meets stubborn reality.

[Let's Get Excited About Maintenance!](https://www.nytimes.com/2017/07/22/opinion/sunday/lets-get-excited-about-maintenance.html) Unlike innovation, which has a cottage industry devoted to its study and cultivation, maintenance is not something we spend a lot of time trying to understand better. Perhaps if we thought harder about it, we would grant it the prestige and the funding it deserves.

[Dear tech dudes, stop being so dumb about women](https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/23/dear-tech-dudes-stop-being-such-idiots-about-women/): *stop being such a goddamn ignoramus for crying out loud*.

[GopherCon 2017 videos are live!](https://twitter.com/GopherCon/status/889558591547600896)

<center><iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/videoseries" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe></center>

[DevOps Tips and Inspiration From DevOps Enterprise Summit (DOES) Speakers](https://dzone.com/articles/devops-tips-and-inspiration-from-devops-enterprise): Leading DevOps minds share their insights on DevOps leadership and transformation, metrics, and collaboration for real-world success.

[Google Spent 2 Years Studying 180 Teams. The Most Successful Ones Shared These 5 Traits](https://www.inc.com/michael-schneider/google-thought-they-knew-how-to-create-the-perfect.html)

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">dear devs that think ops is a burden,<br><br>look in the mirror and ask why you think that and why that might be true<br><br>love,<br>your running code</p>&mdash; him who is without syn (@littleidea) <a href="https://twitter.com/littleidea/status/891072671122731009?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 28, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Process

[Dockerize a .NET Core application](https://docs.docker.com/engine/examples/dotnetcore/): Develop and run your ASP.NET Core apps cross-platform on Windows, MacOS and Linux. ASP.NET Core apps can run on .NET Core or on the full .NET Framework.

[How Microsoft brought SQL Server to Linux](https://techcrunch.com/2017/07/17/how-microsoft-brought-sql-server-to-linux/): "Talking to enterprises, it became clear that doing this was necessary. We were forcing customers to use Windows as their platform of choice."

[Microsoft joins Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/announcing-cncf/): Open source is a way to scale software development beyond what any single organization can do. It allows vendors, customers, researchers and others to collaborate and share knowledge about problems and solutions, like no other form of development.

[Create your first container in Azure Container Instances](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/container-instances/container-instances-quickstart): In this quick start, you will create a container in Azure and expose it to the internet with a public IP address.

[Senator demands to know why email isn't shielded by DMARC](https://nakedsecurity.sophos.com/2017/07/25/us-government-email-still-not-using-a-key-security-tool-to-protect-users/): A recent open letter from Sen. Ron Wyden (D-Ore.) to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) notes that most federal departments aren't using an email security protocol that has been around for the past five years.

[Quickly review changed methods and functions in your pull requests](https://github.com/blog/2407-quickly-review-changed-methods-and-functions-in-your-pull-requests): Now you can navigate to changed methods and functions right from your pull request file finder.

[GitLab automates DevOps with new concept, Auto DevOps](http://sdtimes.com/gitlab-automates-devops-new-concept-auto-devops/): Auto DevOps, a concept that was designed to help developers deliver ideas to production faster, is GitLab's new collection of features for building, testing and deploying applications, as well as features for review apps and setting up code quality.

[Status update from the Reproducible Builds project](https://lists.debian.org/debian-devel-announce/2017/07/msg00004.html)

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">&quot;One service<br>One container<br>One read-only file system<br>One port&quot;,<br>a great way of thinking about containerisation from <a href="https://twitter.com/botchagalupe?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@botchagalupe</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/DevSecOps?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#DevSecOps</a></p>&mdash; Michael McKinnon (@bigmac) <a href="https://twitter.com/bigmac/status/890155828841398273?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 26, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

## Tools

[karn](https://github.com/GrantSeltzer/karn): A simple and easy to use linux security profile generator

[Conference List](https://conferencelist.co/): Find conferences near you

[Go 1.9 Release Candidate 1](https://groups.google.com/forum/#!topic/golang-nuts/AvJ6FHZCiYQ):

[Kubernetes Replicas: Underappreciated Workhorses](https://blog.openshift.com/kubernetes-replicas-appreciated-workhorses/): The basic idea behind a replica (or **instance** or **clone**) is that if you have multiple, **identical** copies of your pod running, potentially on different nodes in the cluster, a couple of things suddenly become possible...

[Terrafam](https://medium.com/@alsmola/iam-simply-with-terrafam-c436241c4054) allows you to define IAM users, groups, roles and the access policies associated with them in an incredibly terse declarative yaml syntax.

[geerlingguy.collectd-signalfx](https://galaxy.ansible.com/geerlingguy/collectd-signalfx/): SignalFx Collectd installation for Linux

[vice](https://medium.com/@matryer/introducing-vice-go-channels-across-many-machines-bcac1147d7e2): Go channels across many machines

[Addict](https://github.com/dthree/addict): Get a full Active Directory REST API in 30 seconds

[Cracking the Lens: Targeting HTTP's Hidden Attack-Surface](http://blog.portswigger.net/2017/07/cracking-lens-targeting-https-hidden.html)

[aws-ec2rescue-linux](https://github.com/awslabs/aws-ec2rescue-linux): Amazon Web Services Elastic Compute Cloud (EC2) Rescue for Linux is a python-based tool that allows for the automatic diagnosis of common problems found on EC2 Linux instances.

## One-Liner of the Week

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">When in doubt, read the source. When disappointed, submit a pull request. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/DevOps?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#DevOps</a></p>&mdash; Chris Short (@ChrisShort) <a href="https://twitter.com/ChrisShort/status/889644081093255168?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">July 25, 2017</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
