+++
author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Diversity"]
date = 2018-01-28T02:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "060"
tags = ["devops", "serverless", "google", "sre", "kubernetes"]
title = "DevOps'ish 060: WTF Google, SRE in a Serverless World, DevOps Requires Rethinking Norms, Kubernetes and More!"
featured = "right-in-the-kisser.jpg"
featuredalt = "Right in the Kisser"
featuredpath = "date"

+++

There are terrible people in this world. I've known that for a very, very long time. There are those that twist religion to benefit themselves, double-crossers, and [people who will have their co-workers swatted just for existing](https://www.wired.com/story/the-dirty-war-over-diversity-inside-google/). But, you cannot add yourself to that list in the process of "being American." You are the epitome of a loser if you target people because of their race, gender identity, political leanings, sexual orientation, or disability. If you work at Google, you clearly have done something right in life. I'm pretty sure Google doesn't let just anyone in the door. It is high time we leave our beliefs and prejudices outside of the work place. We're all in this thing called life on this place called earth together; it's time to start acting like it.

In other news, please vote for me in the [opensource.com 2018 People's Choice Awards](https://opensource.com/vote-2018-peoples-choice-award). It would mean a lot to me to win this.

> [**Subscribe to DevOps'ish**](/newsletter/) for updates on DevOps, Cloud Native, and Open Source news.
