content/post/065.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Newsletter"]
date = 2018-03-04T02:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "065"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source"]
title = "065: "
image = "/img/2018/03/montgomery-alabama.jpg"
imagealt = "Downtown Montgomery, Alabama"
imagecap = "Downtown Montgomery, Alabama"

+++

At what point are we going to admit that, like mainframes and COBOL, while history is worth remembering it might not be worth memorializing. Change is a constant in life that we cannot deny. Humanity wouldn't be roaming the earth and stars if it weren't for evolution, which at its base is change. Throughout history there have been points in time in which one side said, "no more" and the other said, "status quo". Much like those in your organization that resist change because, "We've always done it this way." You and your allies must say, "no more" for the betterment of yourself, your team, and your organization. Cast off the past, remember it but do not grip on to it for dear life. Do this to not only improve things around you but to advance civilization as a whole.

**GoCD: Visualize and Model Complex CD Workflows**  
GoCD supports continuous delivery out of the box with its built-in pipelines, advanced traceability and value stream visualization. With GoCD, you can easily model, orchestrate and visualize complex workflows from end to end. GoCD supports modern infrastructure and cloud deployments.

[Learn how to setup your first pipeline](https://www.gocd.org/getting-started/part-1/?utm_source=changelog&utm_campaign=changelog-news&utm_campaign=gocd_visualize_model_workslow&utm_medium=newsletter_ad&utm_source=devopsish&utm_content=GOCD_getting_started&utm_term=) OR [check out their enterprise plugins and support](https://www.gocd.org/enterprise/?utm_campaign=gocd_visualize_model_workslow&utm_medium=newsletter_ad&utm_source=devopsish&utm_content=enterprise_page&utm_term=).

## People

[RSA faces backlash over male-dominated keynote lineup](https://www.axios.com/rsa-backlash-male-dominated-keynote-lineup-47ee67ce-86d0-42f0-8737-8d7997f6872a.html)

[What's the Difference Between DevOps and SRE?](https://youtu.be/uTEL8Ff1Zvk) Liz Fong-Jones and Seth Fargo put the DevOps vs. SRE debate to bed once and for all. One team, one fight.

[A Counterintuitive Way to Increase Diversity in Tech](https://medium.com/@rachelnabors/a-counterintuitive-way-to-increase-diversity-in-tech-31aea2ce6a50): Inclusive hiring is an incomplete solution

[Tech industry's diversity efforts haven't lived up to promises. A new report explains why.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2018/02/28/diversity-freada-kapor-klein-kapor-center-report-leaky-pipeline/378295002/)

[23,000 HTTPS certificates axed after CEO emails private keys](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2018/03/23000-https-certificates-axed-after-ceo-e-mails-private-keys/): Flap that goes public renews troubling questions about issuance of certificates.

[Five Things I Did to Change a Team's Culture](https://zwischenzugs.com/2018/02/24/5-things-i-did-to-change-a-teams-culture/) by zwischenzugs

[Tackling the most important issue in a DevOps transformation](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/most-important-issue-devops-transformation): When you're moving to DevOps, is your biggest concern technology, process, or culture? (Clue: it's not the first two.)

[Join Gremlin's New Community](https://www.gremlin.com/join-our-new-community-tutorials-talks-slack-meetups/): Tutorials, Talks, Slack & Meetups

<p><script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-8972983586873269"
     data-ad-slot="9019534115"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script></p>

## Process

[On Securing the Kubernetes Dashboard](https://blog.heptio.com/on-securing-the-kubernetes-dashboard-16b09b1b7aca) by Joe Beda of Heptio

[GitHub Survived the Biggest DDoS Attack Ever Recorded](https://www.wired.com/story/github-ddos-memcached/): **1.35 terabits per second of traffic**. This isn't the 90s, folks. Firewall your systems for God's sake!

[February 28th DDoS Incident Report](https://githubengineering.com/ddos-incident-report/): "On Wednesday, February 28, 2018 GitHub.com was unavailable from 17:21 to 17:26 UTC and intermittently unavailable from 17:26 to 17:30 UTC due to a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack."

[Dropbox saved $75M by dumping the cloud, but your company won't](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/dropbox-saved-75m-by-dumping-the-cloud-but-your-company-wont/): Dropbox saved money by building custom storage infrastructure, but before you get too cozy with those servers, consider this: You're not Dropbox.

[Docker has a business plan headache](http://www.zdnet.com/article/docker-has-a-business-plan-headache/): Docker is the container technology of choice, but that doesn't translate into Docker the successful business.

[Open Source Program Case Studies: Microsoft](http://todogroup.org/blog/open-source-case-studies-microsoft/)

[How to build a business case for DevOps transformation](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/how-build-business-case-devops-transformation): Support the need for a DevOps transformation by focusing on the business benefits, not the technology.

[How GDPR Will Change The Way You Develop](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/02/gdpr-for-web-developers/)

<p><script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- devopsish.com Responsive -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-8972983586873269"
     data-ad-slot="4977359089"
     data-ad-format="auto"></ins>
<script>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script></p>

## Tools

[Sonatype Makes Nexus Firewall Available to 10 Million Developers](http://www.financialbuzz.com/sonatype-makes-nexus-firewall-available-to-million-developers-1020190): I'm all for good security tools being more widely available. 👏👏👏, Sonatype!

[Learning Kubernetes with Amy Chen](https://thewomenintechshow.com/2018/02/26/learning-kubernetes-with-amy-chen/)

[How-To: Deploy web applications on Kubernetes with Heptio Contour and Let’s Encrypt](https://blog.heptio.com/how-to-deploy-web-applications-on-kubernetes-with-heptio-contour-and-lets-encrypt-d58efbad9f56): This post is a technical how-to that walks you through deploying a web application securely on a Kubernetes Cluster using HTTPS.

[How to make your first upstream Kubernetes contribution](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/step-step-guide-becoming-kubernetes-contributor): Find an issue, submit a pull request, and make your first upstream contribution to Kubernetes with this simple advice.

[Monitoring On-Demand Kubernetes Clusters with Prometheus](https://blog.giantswarm.io/monitoring-on-demand-kubernetes-clusters-with-prometheus/)

[Prometheus: Apdex alerting](https://medium.com/@tristan_96324/prometheus-apdex-alerting-d17a065e39d0)

[How to manage your workstation configuration with Ansible](https://opensource.com/article/18/3/manage-workstation-ansible): In the first article in this series, learn the basics of setting up configuration management for your laptops and desktops.

[bettercap/bettercap](https://github.com/bettercap/bettercap): The state of the art network attack and monitoring framework.

[zricethezav/gitleaks](https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks): Searches full repo history for secrets and keys 🔑

[enocom/gopher-reading-list](https://github.com/enocom/gopher-reading-list): A curated selection of blog posts on Go

## Tweet of the Week

TWEET

Commit message:

065 Ready to Publish
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/065.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Newsletter"]
date = 2018-03-04T02:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "065"
tags = ["devops", "cloud native", "open source", "change", "kubernetes", "docker", "dropbox", "ddos"]
title = "065: Change, Dropbox, GitHub DDoS, Kubernetes, Docker, and More!"
image = "/img/2018/03/montgomery-alabama.jpg"
imagealt = "Downtown Montgomery, Alabama"
imagecap = "Downtown Montgomery, Alabama"

+++

At what point are we going to admit that, like mainframes and COBOL, while history is worth remembering it might not be worth memorializing. Change is a constant in life that we cannot deny. Humanity wouldn't be roaming the earth and stars if it weren't for evolution, which at its base is change. Throughout history there have been points in time in which one side said, "no more" and the other said, "status quo". Much like those in your organization that resist change because, "We've always done it this way." You and your allies must say, "no more" for the betterment of yourself, your team, and your organization. Cast off the past, remember it but do not grip on to it for dear life. Do this to not only improve things around you but to advance civilization as a whole.

**GoCD: Visualize and Model Complex CD Workflows**  
GoCD supports continuous delivery out of the box with its built-in pipelines, advanced traceability and value stream visualization. With GoCD, you can easily model, orchestrate and visualize complex workflows from end to end. GoCD supports modern infrastructure and cloud deployments.

[Learn how to setup your first pipeline](https://www.gocd.org/getting-started/part-1/?utm_source=changelog&utm_campaign=changelog-news&utm_campaign=gocd_visualize_model_workslow&utm_medium=newsletter_ad&utm_source=devopsish&utm_content=GOCD_getting_started&utm_term=) OR [check out their enterprise plugins and support](https://www.gocd.org/enterprise/?utm_campaign=gocd_visualize_model_workslow&utm_medium=newsletter_ad&utm_source=devopsish&utm_content=enterprise_page&utm_term=).

## People

[RSA faces backlash over male-dominated keynote lineup](https://www.axios.com/rsa-backlash-male-dominated-keynote-lineup-47ee67ce-86d0-42f0-8737-8d7997f6872a.html)

[What's the Difference Between DevOps and SRE?](https://youtu.be/uTEL8Ff1Zvk) Liz Fong-Jones and Seth Fargo put the DevOps vs. SRE debate to bed once and for all. One team, one fight.

[A Counterintuitive Way to Increase Diversity in Tech](https://medium.com/@rachelnabors/a-counterintuitive-way-to-increase-diversity-in-tech-31aea2ce6a50): Inclusive hiring is an incomplete solution

[Tech industry's diversity efforts haven't lived up to promises. A new report explains why.](https://www.usatoday.com/story/tech/2018/02/28/diversity-freada-kapor-klein-kapor-center-report-leaky-pipeline/378295002/)

[23,000 HTTPS certificates axed after CEO emails private keys](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2018/03/23000-https-certificates-axed-after-ceo-e-mails-private-keys/): Flap that goes public renews troubling questions about issuance of certificates.

[Five Things I Did to Change a Team's Culture](https://zwischenzugs.com/2018/02/24/5-things-i-did-to-change-a-teams-culture/) by zwischenzugs

[Tackling the most important issue in a DevOps transformation](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/most-important-issue-devops-transformation): When you're moving to DevOps, is your biggest concern technology, process, or culture? (Clue: it's not the first two.)

[Join Gremlin's New Community](https://www.gremlin.com/join-our-new-community-tutorials-talks-slack-meetups/): Tutorials, Talks, Slack & Meetups

<p><script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block; text-align:center;"
     data-ad-layout="in-article"
     data-ad-format="fluid"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-8972983586873269"
     data-ad-slot="9019534115"></ins>
<script>
     (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script></p>

## Process

[On Securing the Kubernetes Dashboard](https://blog.heptio.com/on-securing-the-kubernetes-dashboard-16b09b1b7aca) by Joe Beda of Heptio

[GitHub Survived the Biggest DDoS Attack Ever Recorded](https://www.wired.com/story/github-ddos-memcached/): **1.35 terabits per second of traffic**. This isn't the 90s, folks. Firewall your systems for God's sake!

[February 28th DDoS Incident Report](https://githubengineering.com/ddos-incident-report/): "On Wednesday, February 28, 2018 GitHub.com was unavailable from 17:21 to 17:26 UTC and intermittently unavailable from 17:26 to 17:30 UTC due to a distributed denial-of-service (DDoS) attack."

[Dropbox saved $75M by dumping the cloud, but your company won't](https://www.techrepublic.com/article/dropbox-saved-75m-by-dumping-the-cloud-but-your-company-wont/): Dropbox saved money by building custom storage infrastructure, but before you get too cozy with those servers, consider this: You're not Dropbox.

[Docker has a business plan headache](http://www.zdnet.com/article/docker-has-a-business-plan-headache/): Docker is the container technology of choice, but that doesn't translate into Docker the successful business.

[Open Source Program Case Studies: Microsoft](http://todogroup.org/blog/open-source-case-studies-microsoft/)

[How to build a business case for DevOps transformation](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/how-build-business-case-devops-transformation): Support the need for a DevOps transformation by focusing on the business benefits, not the technology.

[How GDPR Will Change The Way You Develop](https://www.smashingmagazine.com/2018/02/gdpr-for-web-developers/)

<p><script async src="//pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js"></script>
<!-- devopsish.com Responsive -->
<ins class="adsbygoogle"
     style="display:block"
     data-ad-client="ca-pub-8972983586873269"
     data-ad-slot="4977359089"
     data-ad-format="auto"></ins>
<script>
(adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({});
</script></p>

## Tools

[Sonatype Makes Nexus Firewall Available to 10 Million Developers](http://www.financialbuzz.com/sonatype-makes-nexus-firewall-available-to-million-developers-1020190): I'm all for good security tools being more widely available. 👏👏👏, Sonatype!

[Learning Kubernetes with Amy Chen](https://thewomenintechshow.com/2018/02/26/learning-kubernetes-with-amy-chen/)

[How-To: Deploy web applications on Kubernetes with Heptio Contour and Let’s Encrypt](https://blog.heptio.com/how-to-deploy-web-applications-on-kubernetes-with-heptio-contour-and-lets-encrypt-d58efbad9f56): This post is a technical how-to that walks you through deploying a web application securely on a Kubernetes Cluster using HTTPS.

[How to make your first upstream Kubernetes contribution](https://opensource.com/article/18/2/step-step-guide-becoming-kubernetes-contributor): Find an issue, submit a pull request, and make your first upstream contribution to Kubernetes with this simple advice.

[Monitoring On-Demand Kubernetes Clusters with Prometheus](https://blog.giantswarm.io/monitoring-on-demand-kubernetes-clusters-with-prometheus/)

[Prometheus: Apdex alerting](https://medium.com/@tristan_96324/prometheus-apdex-alerting-d17a065e39d0)

[How to manage your workstation configuration with Ansible](https://opensource.com/article/18/3/manage-workstation-ansible): In the first article in this series, learn the basics of setting up configuration management for your laptops and desktops.

[bettercap/bettercap](https://github.com/bettercap/bettercap): The state of the art network attack and monitoring framework.

[zricethezav/gitleaks](https://github.com/zricethezav/gitleaks): Searches full repo history for secrets and keys 🔑

[enocom/gopher-reading-list](https://github.com/enocom/gopher-reading-list): A curated selection of blog posts on Go

## Tweet of the Week

<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" data-lang="en"><p lang="en" dir="ltr">When you&#39;re looking at a repo on <a href="https://twitter.com/github?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">@github</a> and you think to yourself, &quot;This is great.&quot; Before you do anything else, Star it. It means a lot to devs, really. <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/OSS?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#OSS</a> <a href="https://twitter.com/hashtag/opensource?src=hash&amp;ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">#opensource</a></p>&mdash; Chris Short (@ChrisShort) <a href="https://twitter.com/ChrisShort/status/967910454449274881?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw">February 25, 2018</a></blockquote>
<script async src="https://platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>
