content/post/121/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-03-31T07:00:00Z
description = "No introduction. Enjoy your week!"
draft = false
slug = "121"
tags = ["kubernetes", "devops", "open source", "cloud", "tech", "github", "cloud native", "cncf", "serverless", "container", "security"]
title = "121"

+++

INTRO

> "Don't let yesterday use up too much of today." —Will Rogers

[**Log Management Modernized**](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish)  
With LogDNA's fast, multi-cloud logging platform, DevOps and Engineering teams can easily and quickly aggregate all system and application logs into one efficient platform.  
Whether on-premise, in the cloud, or a hybrid solution, we have you covered. Don't take our word for it. Try it yourself.

[Get started logging in a few minutes with a free trial](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish). *SPONSORED*

**New Microsoft Azure Elastic Agent Plugin for GoCD**  
With GoCD's new Azure plugin, run your CI/CD pipelines on Azure virtual machines, and let GoCD scale up on-demand agents based on your need. Remove bottlenecks and reduce the cost of your agent infrastructure.

Learn more about GoCD: [www.gocd.org](https://www.gocd.org)  
Learn more about GoCD's Azure plugin: https://extensions-docs.gocd.org/azure/current/ *SPONSORED*

[**O'Reilly Online Learning**](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/202986)  
Get access to a continuous flow of ideas and innovation that keeps you up to date. Start a 10-day free O'Reilly Online Learning trial today *SPONSORED*

{{< sponsor-blurb >}}

## DevOps'ish Top Five from Last Week

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[Want an awesome job, working in a great team, with a tremendous leader?](https://social.icims.com/viewjob/pt1553611085158445da) — If you're in Europe and want to work on the Ansible team with other fellow Red Hatters. This is the job for you (maybe)!

## Process

[Take the Accelerate State of DevOps survey today!](https://google.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0v2VZMeA2Eha365?sp=5) — Can you spare some time to help the DORA research team know what it takes to make great software?

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1109146625279057920 >}}

Commit message:

121 WIP
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/121/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-03-31T07:00:00Z
description = "No introduction. Enjoy your week!"
draft = false
slug = "121"
tags = ["kubernetes", "devops", "open source", "cloud", "tech", "github", "cloud native", "cncf", "serverless", "container", "security"]
title = "121"

+++

INTRO

> "Don't let yesterday use up too much of today." —Will Rogers

[**Log Management Modernized**](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish)  
With LogDNA's fast, multi-cloud logging platform, DevOps and Engineering teams can easily and quickly aggregate all system and application logs into one efficient platform.  
Whether on-premise, in the cloud, or a hybrid solution, we have you covered. Don't take our word for it. Try it yourself.

[Get started logging in a few minutes with a free trial](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish). *SPONSORED*

**New Microsoft Azure Elastic Agent Plugin for GoCD**  
With GoCD's new Azure plugin, run your CI/CD pipelines on Azure virtual machines, and let GoCD scale up on-demand agents based on your need. Remove bottlenecks and reduce the cost of your agent infrastructure.

Learn more about GoCD: [www.gocd.org](https://www.gocd.org)  
Learn more about GoCD's Azure plugin: https://extensions-docs.gocd.org/azure/current/ *SPONSORED*

[**O'Reilly Online Learning**](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/202986)  
Get access to a continuous flow of ideas and innovation that keeps you up to date. Start a 10-day free O'Reilly Online Learning trial today *SPONSORED*

{{< sponsor-blurb >}}

## DevOps'ish Top Five from Last Week

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[‘Developers’ lives matter’ – Chinese software engineers use Github to protest against the country’s 996 work schedule](https://www.scmp.com/tech/start-ups/article/3003691/developers-lives-matter-chinese-software-engineers-use-github) — As stated in the group's [GitHub repo](https://github.com/996icu/996.ICU), "The name 996.ICU refers to 'Work by "996", sick in ICU', an ironic saying among Chinese programmers, which means that by following the "996" work schedule, you are risking yourself getting into ICU (Intensive Care Unit)."

[Want an awesome job, working in a great team, with a tremendous leader?](https://social.icims.com/viewjob/pt1553611085158445da) — If you're in Europe and want to work on the Ansible team with other fellow Red Hatters. This is the job for you (maybe)!

[The Cloud Pod — Episode 16: This week in the cloud blob](https://www.thecloudpod.net/podcast/episode-16-this-week-in-the-cloud-blob/) — AWS Summit Season 2019 is officially underway. Justin, Peter and special guest Chris Short [@chrisshort](https://twitter.com/ChrisShort). Plus the famous lightning round.

## Process

[Take the Accelerate State of DevOps survey today!](https://google.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0v2VZMeA2Eha365?sp=5) — Can you spare some time to help the DORA research team know what it takes to make great software?

[Kubernetes-based Microservice Observability with Istio Service Mesh: Part 2](https://itnext.io/kubernetes-based-microservice-observability-with-istio-service-mesh-part-2-f25c4b474a65) — Prometheus, Grafana, Jaeger, and Kiali! Oh my!

## Tools

[Endlessh](https://nullprogram.com/blog/2019/03/22/) — An SSH Tarpit



## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1112017864205185024 >}}
