content/post/137/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-07-21T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "137"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "GitHub", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter", "security", "DevOps news", "Kubernetes news"]
title = "137"

+++

INTRO

[**Join DevOps Expert, Matthew Barlocker, For A CloudWatch Guided Tour**](https://www.bluematador.com/cloudwatch-guided-tour?utm_campaign=CloudWatch%20Guided%20Tour%20Webinar&utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=newsletter)  
The founder and CEO of Blue Matador, the alert automation service, will be hosting a CloudWatch Guided Tour Webinar. You'll learn about CloudWatch concepts, alarms, metrics, best practices, and more. Join either July 25th or July 31st. *SPONSORED*

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[DiversityTickets: AnsibleFest 2019 Atlanta](https://diversitytickets.org/en/events/488) — The Ansible team is using DiversityTickets again this year to make sure folks have an opportunity to attend AnsibleFest Atlanta. "This diversity program is aimed to help underrepresented groups in tech to attend and lowering the barriers for them. This includes but isn’t limited to: women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ people, and disabled people."

[House Hearing on Facebook Libra: Why was the Rust language chosen?](https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4808083/rust-language-chosen) — Huh.

PEOPLE

[DevOps'ish Telegram](https://t.me/devopsish) — Join the 300+ DevOps, Kubernetes, SRE, and other technology professionals discussing real-world problems, breaking technology events and outages, and the occasional Spotify playlist.

## Process

PROCESS

## Tools

TOOLS

Commit message:

137 Notes, Tweet
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/137/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-07-21T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "137"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "GitHub", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter", "security", "DevOps news", "Kubernetes news"]
title = "137"

+++

INTRO

[**Join DevOps Expert, Matthew Barlocker, For A CloudWatch Guided Tour**](https://www.bluematador.com/cloudwatch-guided-tour?utm_campaign=CloudWatch%20Guided%20Tour%20Webinar&utm_source=devopsish&utm_medium=newsletter)  
The founder and CEO of Blue Matador, the alert automation service, will be hosting a CloudWatch Guided Tour Webinar. You'll learn about CloudWatch concepts, alarms, metrics, best practices, and more. Join either July 25th or July 31st. *SPONSORED*

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[DiversityTickets: AnsibleFest 2019 Atlanta](https://diversitytickets.org/en/events/488) — The Ansible team is using DiversityTickets again this year to make sure folks have an opportunity to attend AnsibleFest Atlanta. "This diversity program is aimed to help underrepresented groups in tech to attend and lowering the barriers for them. This includes but isn’t limited to: women, people of color, LGBTQIA+ people, and disabled people."

[CloudSkills.fm 030: Cloud Native Ops with Ansible and Kubernetes](https://cloudskills.fm/030) — I sat down with Mike Pfeiffer to talk about, "Ansible, Kubernetes, and the importance of building up your Linux skills as the industry transitions into a cloud native world." This was a lot of fun.

[House Hearing on Facebook Libra: Why was the Rust language chosen?](https://www.c-span.org/video/?c4808083/rust-language-chosen) — Huh.

[DevOps'ish Telegram](https://t.me/devopsish) — Join the 300+ DevOps, Kubernetes, SRE, and other technology professionals discussing real-world problems, breaking technology events and outages, and the occasional Spotify playlist.

## Process

PROCESS

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

[![DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week][tweet]](https://twitter.com/maria_fibonacci/status/1150493431199752192)

[tweet]: 137-tweet-of-the-week.png
