content/post/167/notes.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Notes", "2020"]
date = 2020-02-16T07:00:00Z
description = "Notes from DevOps'ish 167"
draft = false
url = "167/notes"
title = "DevOps'ish 167 Notes"

+++

{{< notes-note >}}

## Notes

{{< tweet 1225910196813357056 >}}

### bitly

[cli/cli: The GitHub CLI](https://github.com/cli/cli)

[FBI is investigating more than 1,000 cases of Chinese theft of US technology | ZDNet](https://www.zdnet.com/article/fbi-is-investigating-more-than-1000-cases-of-chinese-theft-of-us-technology/)

[What's the source of sluggish career advancement for Linux system administrators? | Enable Sysadmin](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/career-advancement-poll)

[Installing Kubeflow v0.7 on OpenShift 4.2 - Red Hat Developer](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2020/02/10/installing-kubeflow-v0-7-on-openshift-4-2/)

[Reflecting on My Experience With Go, One Year After :: Random Bits of Wisdom](https://preslav.me/2020/01/17/reflecting-on-my-experience-with-go-one-year-after/)

[Amazon Found Every 100ms of Latency Cost them 1% in Sales - GigaSpaces](https://www.gigaspaces.com/blog/amazon-found-every-100ms-of-latency-cost-them-1-in-sales/)

[Guide to Kubernetes Egress Network Policies - Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2020/02/10/guide-to-kubernetes-egress-network-policies/)

### reddit

[Saying 'No' to burnout as an open source maintainer | Jeff Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2020/saying-no-burnout-open-source-maintainer)

[Docker Donates the cnab-to-oci Library to cnab.io - Docker Blog](https://www.docker.com/blog/docker-donates-cnab-to-oci-library/)

[curl is 8000 days old | daniel.haxx.se](https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2020/02/13/curl-is-8000-days-old/)

[Urgent Patch: Istio Authentication Vulnerability Could Leave Sensitive Data Exposed - The New Stack](https://thenewstack.io/urgent-patch-istio-authentication-vulnerability-could-leave-sensitive-data-exposed/)

[Deep Dive into Real-World Kubernetes Threats – NCC Group Research](https://research.nccgroup.com/2020/02/12/command-and-kubectl-talk-follow-up/)

[Nexus Intelligence Insights CVE-2020-2100: Jenkins - UDP Amplification Reflection Attack Leading to Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS)](https://blog.sonatype.com/cve-2020-2100-jenkins-udp-amplification-reflection-attack-distributed-denial-of-service)

[Into the Personal-Website-Verse · Matthias Ott – User Experience Designer](https://matthiasott.com/articles/into-the-personal-website-verse)

[Using Bash for automation | Enable Sysadmin](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/using-bash-automation)

[natano.net | Let's Give It a Go](https://www.natano.net/blog/2020-02-11-lets-give-it-a-go/)

[Observability for the Missing Hop: Envoy Mobile | Lyft Engineering](https://eng.lyft.com/observability-for-the-missing-hop-6688c6f3911a)

[Team Structure for Software Reliability within your Organization](https://www.blameless.com/structuring-team-software-reliability/)

[Tutorial on privilege escalation and post exploitation tactics in Google Cloud Platform environments | GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2020/02/12/plundering-gcp-escalating-privileges-in-google-cloud-platform/)

[Go for Cloud · Go, the unwritten parts](https://rakyll.org/go-cloud/)

[Raising the Security Bar with TLS 1.2 | LaunchDarkly Blog](https://launchdarkly.com/blog/raising-the-security-bar-with-tls-1-2/)

[Tweet / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/davecheney/status/1227678461470240768)

[Kubernetes YAML File Explained - Deployment and Service | Kubernetes Tutorial 19 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmDzcu5uY1I&feature=youtu.be)

[Hardening Docker with SELinux on CentOS 8 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT9Q2xZr4nk)

[OpenFaaS comes to k9s, the Kubernetes CUI](https://blog.alexellis.io/k9s-the-kubernetes-cui-comes-to-openfaas/)

[osrg/gobgp: BGP implemented in the Go Programming Language](https://github.com/osrg/gobgp)

[Ali Yahya on Twitter: "It is mindblowing that roughly the same protocol design for the Internet Protocol (IP) has taken the internet from nothing to ~15B connected devices and has survived for 40 years through the period of fastest technological change in history. What lessons can we draw? A thread 👇" / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/ali01/status/1228348422056374272)

[Kube Cuddle | Preview episode](https://share.transistor.fm/s/1253eae5)

[From Docker to OCI: What is a container?](https://www.padok.fr/en/blog/container-docker-oci)

[Amazon gets restraining order to block Microsoft work on Pentagon JEDI](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/02/13/amazon-gets-restraining-order-to-block-microsoft-work-on-pentagon-jedi.html)

[US hits Huawei with new charges of racketeering, doing business in North Korea; accuses Meng Wanzhou of false representation | South China Morning Post](https://www.scmp.com/news/china/diplomacy/article/3050560/us-adds-new-charges-case-against-huawei-and-meng-wanzhou)

[McClatchy newspaper publisher files for bankruptcy - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/02/13/newspaper-giant-mcclatchy-files-bankruptcy-hobbled-by-debt-declining-print-revenue/)

[Post-It Notes aren’t Agile – they’re wallpaper – Terence Eden’s Blog](https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2020/02/post-it-notes-arent-agile-theyre-wallpaper/)

[Crack the CKAD exam in first attempt - Simon Gjetaj - Medium](https://medium.com/@gjetajsimon/crack-the-ckad-exam-in-first-attempt-e4286ab2fe84)

[Startup Mycroft AI declares it will fight 'patent troll' tooth and nail after its Linux voice-assistant attracts lawsuit • The Register](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2020/02/12/mycroft_patent_troll/)

[Let's Encrypt: an automated certificate authority to encrypt the entire web – the morning paper](https://blog.acolyer.org/2020/02/12/lets-encrypt-an-automated-certificate-authority-to-encrypt-the-entire-web/)

[10 things I wish I'd known before becoming a Linux sysadmin | Enable Sysadmin](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/10-things)

[On sharing and owning your content - zerokspot.com](https://zerokspot.com/weblog/2020/02/11/sharing-and-owning-content/)

[Dave Cheney on Twitter: "@vmbrasseur @palendae From the-notes-that-I-keep-for-myself dept. https://t.co/XsHiRPVSAj" / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/davecheney/status/1227683870008414208)

[How to Become an Amazing OSS Project Maintainer, Survive, And Have Fun on The Way! | @bwplotka](https://www.bwplotka.dev/2020/how-to-became-oss-maintainer/)

[How to score over 90% on the Certified Kubernetes Application Developer Exam | LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-score-over-90-certified-kubernetes-application-exam-jackson/)

[Why this VC thinks we’re heading for a cloud slowdown | TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2020/02/03/why-this-vc-thinks-were-heading-for-a-cloud-slowdown/)

[Cryptography Dispatches: The Linux CSPRNG Is Now Good! • Buttondown](https://buttondown.email/cryptography-dispatches/archive/cryptography-dispatches-the-linux-csprng-is-now/)

[Unit 42 CTR: Leaked Code from Docker Registries](https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/leaked-docker-code/)

[Master the AWS Lambda Console: A Comprehensive Walkthrough.](https://www.thedevcoach.co.uk/understand-aws-lambda-console/)

[Oh, don't worry, I've screwed up plenty of things too](http://rachelbythebay.com/w/2020/02/10/broken/)

[Slack stock rockets, then falls back, after erroneous report about IBM relationship - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2020/02/10/slack-stock-rockets-falls-back-erroneous-report-ibm-relationship/)

[Wired Magazine, January 2000 – Alt + E S V](https://redmonk.com/rstephens/2020/02/07/wired-2000-01/)

[Netanyahu's party left Israel's entire voter registry exposed | Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/2020/02/09/likud-left-israel-voter-database-exposed/)

[The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Standup | Loris Cro's Personal Blog](https://kristoff.it/blog/good-bad-ugly-standup/)

[Equifax hack: Four members of China’s military charged over mega breach](https://www.verdict.co.uk/equifax-hack-chinese-military/)

[Amazon asks to depose Trump in lawsuit challenging Pentagon’s award of major cloud contract to Microsoft – GeekWire](https://www.geekwire.com/2020/amazon-asks-depose-trump-lawsuit-challenging-pentagons-award-major-cloud-contract-microsoft/)

[The futility of cognitive behavioural therapy - Verdict](https://www.verdict.co.uk/cbt-futility/)

[Manage your career – Letters To A New Developer](https://letterstoanewdeveloper.com/2020/02/10/manage-your-career/)

[Xerox ups bid in hostile takeover of HP Ink to more than $36.5bn • The Register](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2020/02/10/xerox_hp_inc_365bn/)

[Guinevere Saenger on Twitter: "Does your infra team not have enough women? Don’t worry - Amazon‘s got you covered. https://t.co/GgJUzzhBy0" / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/guincodes/status/1226183144786685952)

[NASA brings Voyager 2 fully back online, 11.5 billion miles from Earth](https://www.inverse.com/science/nasa-brings-voyager-2-fully-back-online-11.5-billion-miles-from-earth)

[Kernel operations structures in BPF [LWN.net]](https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/811631/3aa82b6b6aedddd3/)

[The Fallacy of Move Fast and Break Things - Global Trade Magazine](https://www.globaltrademag.com/the-fallacy-of-move-fast-and-break-things/)

Commit message:

167: Adding Events to Notes ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/167/notes.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Notes", "2020"]
date = 2020-02-16T07:00:00Z
description = "Notes from DevOps'ish 167"
draft = false
url = "167/notes"
title = "DevOps'ish 167 Notes"

+++

{{< notes-note >}}

## Events

[SCALE 18x](https://www.socallinuxexpo.org)  
March 5-8, 2020  
SCaLE 18x – the 18th annual Southern California Linux Expo – will take place in March 5-8, 2020, at the Pasadena Convention Center. SCaLE is the largest community-run open-source and free software conference in North America. It is held annually in the greater Los Angeles area. SCaLE 18X expects to host 120 exhibitors this year, along with over 200 sessions, tutorials and special events. From kernels to containers, beginner installs to advanced security, HAMs to clouds, there is something for you at SCALE 18X.

[DevOpsDay LA](https://devopsdays.org/events/2020-los-angeles/)  
March 6, 2020  
DevOpsDay LA is a technical conference covering topics of software development, IT infrastructure operations, and the intersection between them.

[Kubernetes Contributor Summit Europe](https://events.linuxfoundation.org/kubernetes-contributor-summit-europe/) — Come learn some Kubernetes with me from some of the best people on earth to teach it. Also, get real work done in the community with folks right there in the room with you!

[A few days can make a lasting impact.](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/295841)  
I'm speaking at the O'Reilly Infrastructure & Ops Conference this year. But, did you know O'Reilly has a series of conferences geared towards every DevOps'ish reader? Did you know you can speak at these conferences too? Have a look and see what might interest you. *SPONSORED*

## Notes

{{< tweet 1225910196813357056 >}}

### bitly

[cli/cli: The GitHub CLI](https://github.com/cli/cli)

[FBI is investigating more than 1,000 cases of Chinese theft of US technology | ZDNet](https://www.zdnet.com/article/fbi-is-investigating-more-than-1000-cases-of-chinese-theft-of-us-technology/)

[What's the source of sluggish career advancement for Linux system administrators? | Enable Sysadmin](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/career-advancement-poll)

[Installing Kubeflow v0.7 on OpenShift 4.2 - Red Hat Developer](https://developers.redhat.com/blog/2020/02/10/installing-kubeflow-v0-7-on-openshift-4-2/)

[Reflecting on My Experience With Go, One Year After :: Random Bits of Wisdom](https://preslav.me/2020/01/17/reflecting-on-my-experience-with-go-one-year-after/)

[Amazon Found Every 100ms of Latency Cost them 1% in Sales - GigaSpaces](https://www.gigaspaces.com/blog/amazon-found-every-100ms-of-latency-cost-them-1-in-sales/)

[Guide to Kubernetes Egress Network Policies - Cloud Native Computing Foundation](https://www.cncf.io/blog/2020/02/10/guide-to-kubernetes-egress-network-policies/)

### reddit

[Saying 'No' to burnout as an open source maintainer | Jeff Geerling](https://www.jeffgeerling.com/blog/2020/saying-no-burnout-open-source-maintainer)

[Docker Donates the cnab-to-oci Library to cnab.io - Docker Blog](https://www.docker.com/blog/docker-donates-cnab-to-oci-library/)

[curl is 8000 days old | daniel.haxx.se](https://daniel.haxx.se/blog/2020/02/13/curl-is-8000-days-old/)

[Urgent Patch: Istio Authentication Vulnerability Could Leave Sensitive Data Exposed - The New Stack](https://thenewstack.io/urgent-patch-istio-authentication-vulnerability-could-leave-sensitive-data-exposed/)

[Deep Dive into Real-World Kubernetes Threats – NCC Group Research](https://research.nccgroup.com/2020/02/12/command-and-kubectl-talk-follow-up/)

[Nexus Intelligence Insights CVE-2020-2100: Jenkins - UDP Amplification Reflection Attack Leading to Distributed Denial of Service (DDoS)](https://blog.sonatype.com/cve-2020-2100-jenkins-udp-amplification-reflection-attack-distributed-denial-of-service)

[Into the Personal-Website-Verse · Matthias Ott – User Experience Designer](https://matthiasott.com/articles/into-the-personal-website-verse)

[Using Bash for automation | Enable Sysadmin](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/using-bash-automation)

[natano.net | Let's Give It a Go](https://www.natano.net/blog/2020-02-11-lets-give-it-a-go/)

[Observability for the Missing Hop: Envoy Mobile | Lyft Engineering](https://eng.lyft.com/observability-for-the-missing-hop-6688c6f3911a)

[Team Structure for Software Reliability within your Organization](https://www.blameless.com/structuring-team-software-reliability/)

[Tutorial on privilege escalation and post exploitation tactics in Google Cloud Platform environments | GitLab](https://about.gitlab.com/blog/2020/02/12/plundering-gcp-escalating-privileges-in-google-cloud-platform/)

[Go for Cloud · Go, the unwritten parts](https://rakyll.org/go-cloud/)

[Raising the Security Bar with TLS 1.2 | LaunchDarkly Blog](https://launchdarkly.com/blog/raising-the-security-bar-with-tls-1-2/)

[Tweet / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/davecheney/status/1227678461470240768)

[Kubernetes YAML File Explained - Deployment and Service | Kubernetes Tutorial 19 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qmDzcu5uY1I&feature=youtu.be)

[Hardening Docker with SELinux on CentOS 8 - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT9Q2xZr4nk)

[OpenFaaS comes to k9s, the Kubernetes CUI](https://blog.alexellis.io/k9s-the-kubernetes-cui-comes-to-openfaas/)

[osrg/gobgp: BGP implemented in the Go Programming Language](https://github.com/osrg/gobgp)

[Ali Yahya on Twitter: "It is mindblowing that roughly the same protocol design for the Internet Protocol (IP) has taken the internet from nothing to ~15B connected devices and has survived for 40 years through the period of fastest technological change in history. What lessons can we draw? A thread 👇" / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/ali01/status/1228348422056374272)

[Kube Cuddle | Preview episode](https://share.transistor.fm/s/1253eae5)

[From Docker to OCI: What is a container?](https://www.padok.fr/en/blog/container-docker-oci)

[Amazon gets restraining order to block Microsoft work on Pentagon JEDI](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/02/13/amazon-gets-restraining-order-to-block-microsoft-work-on-pentagon-jedi.html)

[US hits Huawei with new charges of racketeering, doing business in North Korea; accuses Meng Wanzhou of false representation | South China Morning Post](https://www.scmp.com/news/china/diplomacy/article/3050560/us-adds-new-charges-case-against-huawei-and-meng-wanzhou)

[McClatchy newspaper publisher files for bankruptcy - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/business/2020/02/13/newspaper-giant-mcclatchy-files-bankruptcy-hobbled-by-debt-declining-print-revenue/)

[Post-It Notes aren’t Agile – they’re wallpaper – Terence Eden’s Blog](https://shkspr.mobi/blog/2020/02/post-it-notes-arent-agile-theyre-wallpaper/)

[Crack the CKAD exam in first attempt - Simon Gjetaj - Medium](https://medium.com/@gjetajsimon/crack-the-ckad-exam-in-first-attempt-e4286ab2fe84)

[Startup Mycroft AI declares it will fight 'patent troll' tooth and nail after its Linux voice-assistant attracts lawsuit • The Register](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2020/02/12/mycroft_patent_troll/)

[Let's Encrypt: an automated certificate authority to encrypt the entire web – the morning paper](https://blog.acolyer.org/2020/02/12/lets-encrypt-an-automated-certificate-authority-to-encrypt-the-entire-web/)

[10 things I wish I'd known before becoming a Linux sysadmin | Enable Sysadmin](https://www.redhat.com/sysadmin/10-things)

[On sharing and owning your content - zerokspot.com](https://zerokspot.com/weblog/2020/02/11/sharing-and-owning-content/)

[Dave Cheney on Twitter: "@vmbrasseur @palendae From the-notes-that-I-keep-for-myself dept. https://t.co/XsHiRPVSAj" / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/davecheney/status/1227683870008414208)

[How to Become an Amazing OSS Project Maintainer, Survive, And Have Fun on The Way! | @bwplotka](https://www.bwplotka.dev/2020/how-to-became-oss-maintainer/)

[How to score over 90% on the Certified Kubernetes Application Developer Exam | LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/how-score-over-90-certified-kubernetes-application-exam-jackson/)

[Why this VC thinks we’re heading for a cloud slowdown | TechCrunch](https://techcrunch.com/2020/02/03/why-this-vc-thinks-were-heading-for-a-cloud-slowdown/)

[Cryptography Dispatches: The Linux CSPRNG Is Now Good! • Buttondown](https://buttondown.email/cryptography-dispatches/archive/cryptography-dispatches-the-linux-csprng-is-now/)

[Unit 42 CTR: Leaked Code from Docker Registries](https://unit42.paloaltonetworks.com/leaked-docker-code/)

[Master the AWS Lambda Console: A Comprehensive Walkthrough.](https://www.thedevcoach.co.uk/understand-aws-lambda-console/)

[Oh, don't worry, I've screwed up plenty of things too](http://rachelbythebay.com/w/2020/02/10/broken/)

[Slack stock rockets, then falls back, after erroneous report about IBM relationship - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2020/02/10/slack-stock-rockets-falls-back-erroneous-report-ibm-relationship/)

[Wired Magazine, January 2000 – Alt + E S V](https://redmonk.com/rstephens/2020/02/07/wired-2000-01/)

[Netanyahu's party left Israel's entire voter registry exposed | Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/2020/02/09/likud-left-israel-voter-database-exposed/)

[The Good, the Bad and the Ugly Standup | Loris Cro's Personal Blog](https://kristoff.it/blog/good-bad-ugly-standup/)

[Equifax hack: Four members of China’s military charged over mega breach](https://www.verdict.co.uk/equifax-hack-chinese-military/)

[Amazon asks to depose Trump in lawsuit challenging Pentagon’s award of major cloud contract to Microsoft – GeekWire](https://www.geekwire.com/2020/amazon-asks-depose-trump-lawsuit-challenging-pentagons-award-major-cloud-contract-microsoft/)

[The futility of cognitive behavioural therapy - Verdict](https://www.verdict.co.uk/cbt-futility/)

[Manage your career – Letters To A New Developer](https://letterstoanewdeveloper.com/2020/02/10/manage-your-career/)

[Xerox ups bid in hostile takeover of HP Ink to more than $36.5bn • The Register](https://www.theregister.co.uk/2020/02/10/xerox_hp_inc_365bn/)

[Guinevere Saenger on Twitter: "Does your infra team not have enough women? Don’t worry - Amazon‘s got you covered. https://t.co/GgJUzzhBy0" / Twitter](https://mobile.twitter.com/guincodes/status/1226183144786685952)

[NASA brings Voyager 2 fully back online, 11.5 billion miles from Earth](https://www.inverse.com/science/nasa-brings-voyager-2-fully-back-online-11.5-billion-miles-from-earth)

[Kernel operations structures in BPF [LWN.net]](https://lwn.net/SubscriberLink/811631/3aa82b6b6aedddd3/)

[The Fallacy of Move Fast and Break Things - Global Trade Magazine](https://www.globaltrademag.com/the-fallacy-of-move-fast-and-break-things/)
