content/post/132/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-06-16T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "132"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "GitHub", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter"]
title = "132:"

+++

INTRO

[**2019 State of Multicloud**](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE)  
A Report on the Underlying Dynamics Fueling Multicloud Strategies. [Download Today!](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE) *SPONSORED*

[**DevOps'ish Summer 2019 Survey**](https://devopsi.sh/survey)  
Please take this year's survey. It is a handful of questions, will provide actionable feedback, and be greatly appreciated. The intent is to improve the overall experience and increase the value this newsletter provides to its readers. [Take the survey today!](https://devopsi.sh/survey)

NEW AD

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

PEOPLE

## Process

[What is DevOps](https://devopsish.com/what-is-devops/) — "DevOps is the professional practice of frequent, continued, and iterative improvements through measurable changes, the goal of which is to become a high-velocity organization thus improving business outcomes."

PROCESS

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1136709168323104768 >}}

Commit message:

132: Intro ✅, Ads ✅, Top 5 ✅, Tweet ✅
Finish it up tomorrow night!

Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/132/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-06-16T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "132"
tags = ["DevOps", "Kubernetes", "cloud", "open source", "GitHub", "cloud native", "weekly newsletter"]
title = "132:"

+++

Dear reader, lend me your eyeballs. Let's discuss the [DevOps'ish Summer 2019 Survey](https://devopsi.sh/survey) for a brief moment. It's *vital* feedback that I will use to pivot, fork, or modify the newsletter, if needed. Therefore it's important that you [**take the survey today**](https://devopsi.sh/survey)!

I'm in San Francisco this week for [JFrog swampUP](https://swampup2019.sched.com/event/Nd9K/the-dark-side-of-devops) if you're around the Red Hat office on Monday or Embarcadero Center Tuesday and Wednesday or going to the [SF SRE Meetup](https://www.meetup.com/San-Francisco-Reliability-Engineering/events/260864518/) Wednesday night and want to chat, let me know!

[**2019 State of Multicloud**](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE)  
A Report on the Underlying Dynamics Fueling Multicloud Strategies. [Download Today!](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE) *SPONSORED*

[**[Datree.io] Trace commits to tickets**](https://try.datree.io/trace-commits-to-tickets)  
Tracing commits to JIRA tickets is not only a development best practice, but also a mandatory policy for compliance standards like SOC 2. Learn how to integrate policy checks into your CircleCI pipeline using Datree in this webinar. *SPONSORED*

Have an upcoming webinar, event, conference, or eBook you want to publicize? Ever thought about putting it in front of 3,000+ insanely sharp admins, engineers, technical marketers, and managers? This ad slot is open. [Sponsor DevOps'ish today!](https://devopsish.com/sponsor/)

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. [The guy who made a tool to track women in porn videos is sorry](https://www.technologyreview.com/s/613607/facial-recognition-porn-database-privacy-gdpr-data-collection-policy/)
1. [12 Common Tools for Your DevOps Team](https://www.tripwire.com/state-of-security/devops/common-tools-for-your-devops-team/)
1. [Experience from Six Months of Remote Work](https://www.justingarrison.com/blog/six-months-remote/)
1. [The Linux Foundation Fires All Staff and Editors at Linux.com. Future Uncertain.](http://techrights.org/2019/06/05/linux-com-future-uncertain/)
1. [Why does macOS Catalina use Zsh instead of Bash? Licensing](https://thenextweb.com/dd/2019/06/04/why-does-macos-catalina-use-zsh-instead-of-bash-licensing/)

## People

[Digital WTF by Coté](https://leanpub.com/digitalwtf) — My buddy Micheal Coté published a book. The foreword was written by my old boss and buddy, John Willis. I wouldn't be a good friend if I didn't mention it. "When you're finished being inspired, this book is waiting for you, like a forgotten twenty dollar bill in that lambskin trucker jacket you haven't worn in 16 years."

## Process

[What is DevOps](https://devopsish.com/what-is-devops/) — "DevOps is the professional practice of frequent, continued, and iterative improvements through measurable changes, the goal of which is to become a high-velocity organization thus improving business outcomes."

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1139679107485032448 >}}
