content/post/solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Indexes"]
date = 2020-12-20T07:00:00Z
description = "Coverage of the Solarwinds supply chain compromise from around the web"
draft = false
slug = "solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise"
tags = ["Solarwinds Orion", "Solarwinds", "supply chain", "compromise", "hack", "DevOps", "Microsoft", "security", "spied", "Russia", "hackers", "spy", "backdoored", "breach", "Orion", "CISA", "advisory"]
title = "DevOps'ish Solarwinds supply chain compromise Index"
image = "/solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise/sw-logo.svg"
imagealt = "Solarwinds"

+++

A one-stop shop for opinion, analysis, and/or coverage of the Solarwinds supply chain compromise. Coverage includes official statements and filings, accredited media coverage, industry analyisis, and noteworthy blogs, digital media, and other mediums as deemed worthwhile.

## Official Statements

* [Security Advisory | SolarWinds](https://www.solarwinds.com/securityadvisory)
* [Solarwinds US SEC 8K](https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1739942/000162828020017451/swi-20201214.htm)
* [Mitigate SolarWinds Orion Code Compromise - Emergency Directive 21-01](https://cyber.dhs.gov/ed/21-01/)
* [CISA Updates Alert and Releases Supplemental Guidance on Emergency Directive for SolarWinds Orion Compromise | CISA](https://us-cert.cisa.gov/ncas/current-activity/2020/12/19/cisa-updates-alert-and-releases-supplemental-guidance-emergency)
* [Microsoft Internal Solorigate Investigation Update – Microsoft Security Response Center](https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2020/12/31/microsoft-internal-solorigate-investigation-update/)
* [Statement on the story from The New York Times regarding JetBrains and SolarWinds | JetBrains Blog](https://blog.jetbrains.com/blog/2021/01/06/statement-on-the-story-from-the-new-york-times-regarding-jetbrains-and-solarwinds/)
* [CLASS ACTION COMPLAINT FOR VIOLATION OF THE FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS SOLARWINDS CORPORATION, KEVIN B. THOMPSON, and J. BARTON KALSU](https://www.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.txwd.1118887/gov.uscourts.txwd.1118887.1.0.pdf)
* [Joint Statement by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), and the National Security Agency (NSA) | CISA](https://www.cisa.gov/news/2021/01/05/joint-statement-federal-bureau-investigation-fbi-cybersecurity-and-infrastructure)
* [SUNSPOT Malware: A Technical Analysis | CrowdStrike](https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/sunspot-malware-technical-analysis/)
* [Deep dive into the Solorigate second-stage activation: From SUNBURST to TEARDROP and Raindrop - Microsoft Security](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/01/20/deep-dive-into-the-solorigate-second-stage-activation-from-sunburst-to-teardrop-and-raindrop/)
* [Raindrop: New Malware Discovered in SolarWinds Investigation | Symantec Blogs](https://symantec-enterprise-blogs.security.com/blogs/threat-intelligence/solarwinds-raindrop-malware)
* [02/17/21: Press Briefing by Press Secretary and Deputy National Security Advisor - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta_vatZ24Cs&feature=share)
* [Hearings | Intelligence Committee](https://www.intelligence.senate.gov/hearings/open-hearing-hearing-hack-us-networks-foreign-adversary)
* [Solorigate Resource Center – updated February 25, 2021 – Microsoft Security Response Center](https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2020/12/21/december-21st-2020-solorigate-resource-center/)

## Press

* [Suspected Russian hackers spied on U.S. Treasury emails - sources | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-treasury-exclsuive-idUSKBN28N0PG)
* [IT company SolarWinds says it may have been hit in 'highly sophisticated' hack | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-solarwinds-cyber-idUSKBN28N0Y7)
* [U.S. Homeland Security, thousands of businesses scramble after suspected Russian hack | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-cyber-idUSKBN28O26X)
* [U.S. Agencies Hacked in Foreign Cyber Espionage Campaign Linked to Russia - WSJ](https://www.wsj.com/articles/agencies-hacked-in-foreign-cyber-espionage-campaign-11607897866)
* [Hackers used SolarWinds' dominance against it in sprawling spy campaign | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/global-cyber-solarwinds-idUSKBN28P2N8)
* [Backdoored SolarWinds software, linked to US govt hacks, in wide use throughout the British public sector • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2020/12/14/solarwinds_public_sector/)
* [SolarWinds: Hey, only as many as 18,000 customers installed backdoored software linked to US govt hacks • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2020/12/15/solar_winds_update/)
* [Investors in SolarWinds sold millions in stock before Russia breach revealed - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/12/15/solarwinds-russia-breach-stock-trades/)
* [Hackers used SolarWinds' dominance against it in sprawling spy campaign | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/global-cyber-solarwinds-idUSKBN28Q07P)
* [Hack Suggests New Scope, Sophistication for Cyberattacks - WSJ](https://www.wsj.com/articles/hack-suggests-new-scope-sophistication-for-cyberattacks-11608251360)
* [Exclusive: Microsoft breached in suspected Russian hack using SolarWinds - sources | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/global-cyber-microsoft-exclusive-int-idUSKBN28R3BW)
* [Nuclear weapons agency breached amid massive cyber onslaught - POLITICO](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/12/17/nuclear-agency-hacked-officials-inform-congress-447855)
* [Biden hints at a tougher stance against state sponsors of cyberattacks](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/17/biden-hints-at-a-tougher-stance-against-state-sponsors-of-cyberattacks.html)
* [SolarWinds hackers broke into U.S. cable firm and Arizona county, web records show | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-idUSKBN28S2B9)
* [Hackers last year conducted a 'dry run' of SolarWinds breach](https://news.yahoo.com/hackers-last-year-conducted-a-dry-run-of-solar-winds-breach-215232815.html)
* [Trump contradicts Pompeo in bid to downplay massive hack of U.S. government, Russia?s role - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/russia-is-behind-the-broad-ongoing-cyber-spy-campaign-against-the-us-government-and-private-sector-pompeo-says/2020/12/19/8c850cf0-41b3-11eb-8bc0-ae155bee4aff_story.html)
* [Trump administration says Russia behind SolarWinds hack. Trump himself begs to differ • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2020/12/20/solarwinds_update_trump_contradicts_pompeo_russia_attribution/)
* [Second hacking team was targeting SolarWinds at time of big breach | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-solarwinds-idUSKBN28T0U1)
* [Russia’s Hacking Frenzy Is a Reckoning | WIRED](https://www.wired.com/story/russia-hack-supply-chain-reckoning/)
* [Russian hackers’ motive for SolarWinds cyberattack baffles US: mere espionage, or worse? | South China Morning Post](https://www.scmp.com/tech/policy/article/3115216/russian-hackers-motive-solarwinds-cyberattack-baffle-us-mere-espionage)
* [Suspected Russian hackers used Microsoft vendors to breach customers | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-cyber-usa-idUSKBN28Y1BF)
* [Massive data breach may have been discovered due to 'unforced error' by suspected Russian hackers - CNNPolitics](https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/23/politics/hack-unforced-error-discovery/index.html)
* [U.S. cyber agency says SolarWinds hackers are 'impacting' state, local governments | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-cyber-usa-idUSKBN28Y09L)
* [SolarWinds: The more we learn, the worse it looks | ZDNet](https://www.zdnet.com/article/solarwinds-the-more-we-learn-the-worse-it-looks/)
* [Widely Used Software Company May Be Entry Point for Huge U.S. Hacking - The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/06/us/politics/russia-cyber-hack.html)
* [DOJ Admits Microsoft Email Accounts Were Hit In SolarWinds Attacks](https://www.forbes.com/sites/thomasbrewster/2021/01/06/doj-admits-microsoft-email-accounts-were-hit-in-solarwinds-attacks/?sh=1daec11c5a3f)
* [SolarWinds hack may be much worse than originally feared - The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/2021/1/2/22210667/solarwinds-hack-worse-government-microsoft-cybersecurity)
* [As Understanding of Russian Hacking Grows, So Does Alarm - The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/02/us/politics/russian-hacking-government.html)
* [SolarWinds malware was sneaked out of the firm's Orion build environment 6 months before anyone realised it was there – report • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2021/01/12/solarwinds_tech_analysis_crowdstrike/)
* [Exclusive: Suspected Chinese hackers used SolarWinds bug to spy on U.S. payroll agency – sources | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-cyber-solarwinds-china-idUSKBN2A22K8)
* [Suspected Russian Hackers Used U.S. Networks, Official Says - Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-02-17/solarwinds-hacks-perpetrated-from-inside-u-s-white-house-says)
* [SolarWinds: How Russian spies hacked the Justice, State, Treasury, Energy and Commerce Departments - CBS News](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/solarwinds-hack-russia-cyberattack-60-minutes-2021-02-14/)
* [White House says it will hold those responsible for SolarWinds hack accountable within weeks - CNNPolitics](https://www.cnn.com/2021/02/19/politics/sullivan-solarwinds-khashoggi/index.html)
* [Former SolarWinds CEO blames intern for "solarwinds123" password leak - CNNPolitics](https://www.cnn.com/2021/02/26/politics/solarwinds123-password-intern/index.html)

## Industry

* [Highly Evasive Attacker Leverages SolarWinds Supply Chain to Compromise Multiple Global Victims With SUNBURST Backdoor | FireEye Inc](https://www.fireeye.com/blog/threat-research/2020/12/evasive-attacker-leverages-solarwinds-supply-chain-compromises-with-sunburst-backdoor.html)
* [Tracing the SolarWinds exploit upstream](https://blog.sonatype.com/tracing-the-solarwinds-exploit-upstream)
* [How Russian hackers infiltrated the US government for months without being spotted | MIT Technology Review](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/12/15/1014462/how-russian-hackers-infiltrated-the-us-government-for-months-without-being-spotted/)
* [SolarWinds Hack Leaves Feds Scrambling to Determine Damage](https://gizmodo.com/feds-still-trying-to-determine-how-screwed-they-are-aft-1845888076)
* [Concerns Run High as More Details of SolarWinds ...](https://www.darkreading.com/attacks-breaches/concerns-run-high-as-more-details-of-solarwinds-hack-emerge/d/d-id/1339726)
* [Microsoft president calls SolarWinds hack an “act of recklessness” | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2020/12/only-an-elite-few-solarwinds-hack-victims-received-follow-on-attacks/)
* [Analyzing Solorigate, the compromised DLL file that started a sophisticated cyberattack, and how Microsoft Defender helps protect customers - Microsoft Security](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2020/12/18/analyzing-solorigate-the-compromised-dll-file-that-started-a-sophisticated-cyberattack-and-how-microsoft-defender-helps-protect/)
* [Cisco, Intel, Deloitte Among Victims of SolarWinds ...](https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/cisco-intel-deloitte-among-victims-of-solarwinds-breach-report/d/d-id/1339780)
* [NVIDIA and Intel affected by SolarWinds hack | Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/nvidia-intel-solarwinds-hack-002444049.html)
* [National cyber director role in the spotlight after SolarWinds hack - FedScoop](https://www.fedscoop.com/national-cyber-director-solarwinds/)
* [SolarWinds hack may have been much wider than first thought | Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/russia-solarwinds-hack-broader-than-expected-211046098.html)
* [DoJ says SolarWinds hackers breached its Office 365 system and read email | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2021/01/doj-says-solarwinds-hackers-breached-its-office-365-system-and-read-email/)
* [Microsoft says Russians accessed account 'used to view source code' in Solorigate hack | VentureBeat](https://venturebeat.com/2020/12/31/microsoft-says-russians-accessed-account-used-to-view-source-code-in-solorigate-hack/)
* [SolarWinds malware has “curious” ties to Russian-speaking hackers | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2021/01/solarwinds-malware-has-curious-ties-to-russian-speaking-hackers/)
* [SolarWinds hackers are tied to known Russian spying tools | VentureBeat](https://venturebeat.com/2021/01/11/solarwinds-hackers-are-tied-to-known-russian-spying-tools/)
* [Malwarebytes targeted by Nation State Actor implicated in SolarWinds breach. Evidence suggests abuse of privileged access to Microsoft Office 365 and Azure environments](https://blog.malwarebytes.com/malwarebytes-news/2021/01/malwarebytes-targeted-by-nation-state-actor-implicated-in-solarwinds-breach-evidence-suggests-abuse-of-privileged-access-to-microsoft-office-365-and-azure-environments/)
* [30% of “SolarWinds hack” victims didn’t actually use SolarWinds](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2021/01/30-of-solarwinds-hack-victims-didnt-actually-use-solarwinds/)
* [Microsoft says it found 1,000-plus developers' fingerprints on the SolarWinds attack • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2021/02/15/solarwinds_microsoft_fireeye_analysis/)
* [SolarWinds Attackers Lurked for 'Several Months' in ...](https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/solarwinds-attackers-lurked-for-several-months-in-fireeyes-network/d/d-id/1340239?_mc=rss_x_drr_edt_aud_dr_x_x-rss-simple)
* [SolarWinds, Microsoft, FireEye, and CrowdStrike defend conduct in major breach | VentureBeat](https://venturebeat.com/2021/02/24/solarwinds-microsoft-fireeye-and-crowdstrike-defend-conduct-in-major-breach/)
* [Recovering from the SolarWinds hack could take 18 months | MIT Technology Review](https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/03/02/1020166/solarwinds-brandon-wales-hack-recovery-18-months/)
* [Chinese hackers targeted SolarWinds customers in parallel with Russian op | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/03/chinese-hackers-targeted-solarwinds-customers-in-parallel-with-russian-op/)

## Blogs, Newsletters, Digital Media, etc.

* [Suspected Russian Hackers Spied on U.S. Treasury Emails - Sources | Top News | US News](https://www.usnews.com/news/top-news/articles/2020-12-13/exclusive-us-treasury-breached-by-hackers-backed-by-foreign-government-sources)
* [SolarWinds confirms 18,000 customers may have been impacted](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112294/hacking/solarwinds-sec-filing.html)
* [US government software provider SolarWinds confirms it was hacked - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2020/12/14/us-government-software-provider-solarwinds-confirms-hacked/)
[Cisco targeted in SolarWinds attack as Microsoft uncovers a second hacking group - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2020/12/20/cisco-targeted-solarwinds-attack-microsoft-uncovers-second-hacking-group/)
* [Microsoft partnered with security firms to sinkhole SolarWinds hack C2](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112342/apt/microsoft-seized-c2-solarwinds-hack.html)
* [Researchers shared the lists of victims of Solarwinds hack](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112555/hacking/solarwinds-victims-lists.html)
* [SolarWinds hackers aimed at access to victims' cloud assets](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112773/hacking/solarwinds-solorigate-attack-chain.html)
* [SolarWinds releases updated advisory for SUPERNOVA backdoor](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112668/security/solarwinds-supernova-malware-advisory.html)
* [SolarLeaks website offers source code stolen in SolarWinds hack for sale - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2021/01/14/solarleaks-website-offers-source-code-stolen-solarwinds-hack-sale/)
* [SolarWinds Hack Lessons Learned: Finding the Next ...](https://www.darkreading.com/omdia/solarwinds-hack-lessons-learned-finding-the-next-supply-chain-attack/a/d-id/1339871)
* [Connecting the dots between SolarWinds and Russia-linked Turla APTSecurity Affairs](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/113289/apt/solarwinds-turla-apt.html)
* [Russia’s SolarWinds Attack and Software Security - Schneier on Security](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2021/01/russias-solarwinds-attack-and-software-security.html)
* [Injecting a Backdoor into SolarWinds Orion - Schneier on Security](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2021/01/injecting-a-backdoor-into-solarwinds-orion.html)
* [Behind the Scenes of the SunBurst Attack – The New Stack](https://thenewstack.io/behind-the-scenes-of-the-sunburst-attack/)
* [Sunshuttle, the fourth malware allegedly linked to SolarWinds hackSecurity Affairs](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/115291/malware/sunshuttle-backdoor-solarwinds-hack.html)

Note: All links shared here have gone through the normal DevOps'ish editorial and curation process.

Commit message:

Adding ways to contribute to indexes
Link to GH file to PR against.

content/post/solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Indexes"]
date = 2020-12-20T07:00:00Z
description = "Coverage of the Solarwinds supply chain compromise from around the web"
draft = false
slug = "solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise"
tags = ["Solarwinds Orion", "Solarwinds", "supply chain", "compromise", "hack", "DevOps", "Microsoft", "security", "spied", "Russia", "hackers", "spy", "backdoored", "breach", "Orion", "CISA", "advisory"]
title = "DevOps'ish Solarwinds supply chain compromise Index"
image = "/solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise/sw-logo.svg"
imagealt = "Solarwinds"

+++

A one-stop shop for opinion, analysis, and/or coverage of the Solarwinds supply chain compromise. Coverage includes official statements and filings, accredited media coverage, industry analyisis, and noteworthy blogs, digital media, and other mediums as deemed worthwhile.

Note: All links shared here have gone through the normal DevOps'ish editorial and curation process.

To add content for review, [issue a pull request against this file](https://github.com/chris-short/devopsish.com/blob/main/content/post/solarwinds-supply-chain-compromise/index.md) in GitHub.

## Official Statements

* [Security Advisory | SolarWinds](https://www.solarwinds.com/securityadvisory)
* [Solarwinds US SEC 8K](https://www.sec.gov/ix?doc=/Archives/edgar/data/1739942/000162828020017451/swi-20201214.htm)
* [Mitigate SolarWinds Orion Code Compromise - Emergency Directive 21-01](https://cyber.dhs.gov/ed/21-01/)
* [CISA Updates Alert and Releases Supplemental Guidance on Emergency Directive for SolarWinds Orion Compromise | CISA](https://us-cert.cisa.gov/ncas/current-activity/2020/12/19/cisa-updates-alert-and-releases-supplemental-guidance-emergency)
* [Microsoft Internal Solorigate Investigation Update – Microsoft Security Response Center](https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2020/12/31/microsoft-internal-solorigate-investigation-update/)
* [Statement on the story from The New York Times regarding JetBrains and SolarWinds | JetBrains Blog](https://blog.jetbrains.com/blog/2021/01/06/statement-on-the-story-from-the-new-york-times-regarding-jetbrains-and-solarwinds/)
* [CLASS ACTION COMPLAINT FOR VIOLATION OF THE FEDERAL SECURITIES LAWS SOLARWINDS CORPORATION, KEVIN B. THOMPSON, and J. BARTON KALSU](https://www.courtlistener.com/recap/gov.uscourts.txwd.1118887/gov.uscourts.txwd.1118887.1.0.pdf)
* [Joint Statement by the Federal Bureau of Investigation (FBI), the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Security Agency (CISA), the Office of the Director of National Intelligence (ODNI), and the National Security Agency (NSA) | CISA](https://www.cisa.gov/news/2021/01/05/joint-statement-federal-bureau-investigation-fbi-cybersecurity-and-infrastructure)
* [SUNSPOT Malware: A Technical Analysis | CrowdStrike](https://www.crowdstrike.com/blog/sunspot-malware-technical-analysis/)
* [Deep dive into the Solorigate second-stage activation: From SUNBURST to TEARDROP and Raindrop - Microsoft Security](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2021/01/20/deep-dive-into-the-solorigate-second-stage-activation-from-sunburst-to-teardrop-and-raindrop/)
* [Raindrop: New Malware Discovered in SolarWinds Investigation | Symantec Blogs](https://symantec-enterprise-blogs.security.com/blogs/threat-intelligence/solarwinds-raindrop-malware)
* [02/17/21: Press Briefing by Press Secretary and Deputy National Security Advisor - YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ta_vatZ24Cs&feature=share)
* [Hearings | Intelligence Committee](https://www.intelligence.senate.gov/hearings/open-hearing-hearing-hack-us-networks-foreign-adversary)
* [Solorigate Resource Center – updated February 25, 2021 – Microsoft Security Response Center](https://msrc-blog.microsoft.com/2020/12/21/december-21st-2020-solorigate-resource-center/)

## Press

* [Suspected Russian hackers spied on U.S. Treasury emails - sources | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-treasury-exclsuive-idUSKBN28N0PG)
* [IT company SolarWinds says it may have been hit in 'highly sophisticated' hack | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-solarwinds-cyber-idUSKBN28N0Y7)
* [U.S. Homeland Security, thousands of businesses scramble after suspected Russian hack | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-cyber-idUSKBN28O26X)
* [U.S. Agencies Hacked in Foreign Cyber Espionage Campaign Linked to Russia - WSJ](https://www.wsj.com/articles/agencies-hacked-in-foreign-cyber-espionage-campaign-11607897866)
* [Hackers used SolarWinds' dominance against it in sprawling spy campaign | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/global-cyber-solarwinds-idUSKBN28P2N8)
* [Backdoored SolarWinds software, linked to US govt hacks, in wide use throughout the British public sector • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2020/12/14/solarwinds_public_sector/)
* [SolarWinds: Hey, only as many as 18,000 customers installed backdoored software linked to US govt hacks • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2020/12/15/solar_winds_update/)
* [Investors in SolarWinds sold millions in stock before Russia breach revealed - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/technology/2020/12/15/solarwinds-russia-breach-stock-trades/)
* [Hackers used SolarWinds' dominance against it in sprawling spy campaign | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/global-cyber-solarwinds-idUSKBN28Q07P)
* [Hack Suggests New Scope, Sophistication for Cyberattacks - WSJ](https://www.wsj.com/articles/hack-suggests-new-scope-sophistication-for-cyberattacks-11608251360)
* [Exclusive: Microsoft breached in suspected Russian hack using SolarWinds - sources | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/global-cyber-microsoft-exclusive-int-idUSKBN28R3BW)
* [Nuclear weapons agency breached amid massive cyber onslaught - POLITICO](https://www.politico.com/news/2020/12/17/nuclear-agency-hacked-officials-inform-congress-447855)
* [Biden hints at a tougher stance against state sponsors of cyberattacks](https://www.cnbc.com/2020/12/17/biden-hints-at-a-tougher-stance-against-state-sponsors-of-cyberattacks.html)
* [SolarWinds hackers broke into U.S. cable firm and Arizona county, web records show | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-idUSKBN28S2B9)
* [Hackers last year conducted a 'dry run' of SolarWinds breach](https://news.yahoo.com/hackers-last-year-conducted-a-dry-run-of-solar-winds-breach-215232815.html)
* [Trump contradicts Pompeo in bid to downplay massive hack of U.S. government, Russia?s role - The Washington Post](https://www.washingtonpost.com/national-security/russia-is-behind-the-broad-ongoing-cyber-spy-campaign-against-the-us-government-and-private-sector-pompeo-says/2020/12/19/8c850cf0-41b3-11eb-8bc0-ae155bee4aff_story.html)
* [Trump administration says Russia behind SolarWinds hack. Trump himself begs to differ • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2020/12/20/solarwinds_update_trump_contradicts_pompeo_russia_attribution/)
* [Second hacking team was targeting SolarWinds at time of big breach | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-usa-cyber-solarwinds-idUSKBN28T0U1)
* [Russia’s Hacking Frenzy Is a Reckoning | WIRED](https://www.wired.com/story/russia-hack-supply-chain-reckoning/)
* [Russian hackers’ motive for SolarWinds cyberattack baffles US: mere espionage, or worse? | South China Morning Post](https://www.scmp.com/tech/policy/article/3115216/russian-hackers-motive-solarwinds-cyberattack-baffle-us-mere-espionage)
* [Suspected Russian hackers used Microsoft vendors to breach customers | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-cyber-usa-idUSKBN28Y1BF)
* [Massive data breach may have been discovered due to 'unforced error' by suspected Russian hackers - CNNPolitics](https://www.cnn.com/2020/12/23/politics/hack-unforced-error-discovery/index.html)
* [U.S. cyber agency says SolarWinds hackers are 'impacting' state, local governments | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-cyber-usa-idUSKBN28Y09L)
* [SolarWinds: The more we learn, the worse it looks | ZDNet](https://www.zdnet.com/article/solarwinds-the-more-we-learn-the-worse-it-looks/)
* [Widely Used Software Company May Be Entry Point for Huge U.S. Hacking - The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/06/us/politics/russia-cyber-hack.html)
* [DOJ Admits Microsoft Email Accounts Were Hit In SolarWinds Attacks](https://www.forbes.com/sites/thomasbrewster/2021/01/06/doj-admits-microsoft-email-accounts-were-hit-in-solarwinds-attacks/?sh=1daec11c5a3f)
* [SolarWinds hack may be much worse than originally feared - The Verge](https://www.theverge.com/2021/1/2/22210667/solarwinds-hack-worse-government-microsoft-cybersecurity)
* [As Understanding of Russian Hacking Grows, So Does Alarm - The New York Times](https://www.nytimes.com/2021/01/02/us/politics/russian-hacking-government.html)
* [SolarWinds malware was sneaked out of the firm's Orion build environment 6 months before anyone realised it was there – report • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2021/01/12/solarwinds_tech_analysis_crowdstrike/)
* [Exclusive: Suspected Chinese hackers used SolarWinds bug to spy on U.S. payroll agency – sources | Reuters](https://www.reuters.com/article/us-cyber-solarwinds-china-idUSKBN2A22K8)
* [Suspected Russian Hackers Used U.S. Networks, Official Says - Bloomberg](https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2021-02-17/solarwinds-hacks-perpetrated-from-inside-u-s-white-house-says)
* [SolarWinds: How Russian spies hacked the Justice, State, Treasury, Energy and Commerce Departments - CBS News](https://www.cbsnews.com/news/solarwinds-hack-russia-cyberattack-60-minutes-2021-02-14/)
* [White House says it will hold those responsible for SolarWinds hack accountable within weeks - CNNPolitics](https://www.cnn.com/2021/02/19/politics/sullivan-solarwinds-khashoggi/index.html)
* [Former SolarWinds CEO blames intern for "solarwinds123" password leak - CNNPolitics](https://www.cnn.com/2021/02/26/politics/solarwinds123-password-intern/index.html)

## Industry

* [Highly Evasive Attacker Leverages SolarWinds Supply Chain to Compromise Multiple Global Victims With SUNBURST Backdoor | FireEye Inc](https://www.fireeye.com/blog/threat-research/2020/12/evasive-attacker-leverages-solarwinds-supply-chain-compromises-with-sunburst-backdoor.html)
* [Tracing the SolarWinds exploit upstream](https://blog.sonatype.com/tracing-the-solarwinds-exploit-upstream)
* [How Russian hackers infiltrated the US government for months without being spotted | MIT Technology Review](https://www.technologyreview.com/2020/12/15/1014462/how-russian-hackers-infiltrated-the-us-government-for-months-without-being-spotted/)
* [SolarWinds Hack Leaves Feds Scrambling to Determine Damage](https://gizmodo.com/feds-still-trying-to-determine-how-screwed-they-are-aft-1845888076)
* [Concerns Run High as More Details of SolarWinds ...](https://www.darkreading.com/attacks-breaches/concerns-run-high-as-more-details-of-solarwinds-hack-emerge/d/d-id/1339726)
* [Microsoft president calls SolarWinds hack an “act of recklessness” | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2020/12/only-an-elite-few-solarwinds-hack-victims-received-follow-on-attacks/)
* [Analyzing Solorigate, the compromised DLL file that started a sophisticated cyberattack, and how Microsoft Defender helps protect customers - Microsoft Security](https://www.microsoft.com/security/blog/2020/12/18/analyzing-solorigate-the-compromised-dll-file-that-started-a-sophisticated-cyberattack-and-how-microsoft-defender-helps-protect/)
* [Cisco, Intel, Deloitte Among Victims of SolarWinds ...](https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/cisco-intel-deloitte-among-victims-of-solarwinds-breach-report/d/d-id/1339780)
* [NVIDIA and Intel affected by SolarWinds hack | Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/nvidia-intel-solarwinds-hack-002444049.html)
* [National cyber director role in the spotlight after SolarWinds hack - FedScoop](https://www.fedscoop.com/national-cyber-director-solarwinds/)
* [SolarWinds hack may have been much wider than first thought | Engadget](https://www.engadget.com/russia-solarwinds-hack-broader-than-expected-211046098.html)
* [DoJ says SolarWinds hackers breached its Office 365 system and read email | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2021/01/doj-says-solarwinds-hackers-breached-its-office-365-system-and-read-email/)
* [Microsoft says Russians accessed account 'used to view source code' in Solorigate hack | VentureBeat](https://venturebeat.com/2020/12/31/microsoft-says-russians-accessed-account-used-to-view-source-code-in-solorigate-hack/)
* [SolarWinds malware has “curious” ties to Russian-speaking hackers | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2021/01/solarwinds-malware-has-curious-ties-to-russian-speaking-hackers/)
* [SolarWinds hackers are tied to known Russian spying tools | VentureBeat](https://venturebeat.com/2021/01/11/solarwinds-hackers-are-tied-to-known-russian-spying-tools/)
* [Malwarebytes targeted by Nation State Actor implicated in SolarWinds breach. Evidence suggests abuse of privileged access to Microsoft Office 365 and Azure environments](https://blog.malwarebytes.com/malwarebytes-news/2021/01/malwarebytes-targeted-by-nation-state-actor-implicated-in-solarwinds-breach-evidence-suggests-abuse-of-privileged-access-to-microsoft-office-365-and-azure-environments/)
* [30% of “SolarWinds hack” victims didn’t actually use SolarWinds](https://arstechnica.com/information-technology/2021/01/30-of-solarwinds-hack-victims-didnt-actually-use-solarwinds/)
* [Microsoft says it found 1,000-plus developers' fingerprints on the SolarWinds attack • The Register](https://www.theregister.com/2021/02/15/solarwinds_microsoft_fireeye_analysis/)
* [SolarWinds Attackers Lurked for 'Several Months' in ...](https://www.darkreading.com/threat-intelligence/solarwinds-attackers-lurked-for-several-months-in-fireeyes-network/d/d-id/1340239?_mc=rss_x_drr_edt_aud_dr_x_x-rss-simple)
* [SolarWinds, Microsoft, FireEye, and CrowdStrike defend conduct in major breach | VentureBeat](https://venturebeat.com/2021/02/24/solarwinds-microsoft-fireeye-and-crowdstrike-defend-conduct-in-major-breach/)
* [Recovering from the SolarWinds hack could take 18 months | MIT Technology Review](https://www.technologyreview.com/2021/03/02/1020166/solarwinds-brandon-wales-hack-recovery-18-months/)
* [Chinese hackers targeted SolarWinds customers in parallel with Russian op | Ars Technica](https://arstechnica.com/gadgets/2021/03/chinese-hackers-targeted-solarwinds-customers-in-parallel-with-russian-op/)

## Blogs, Newsletters, Digital Media, etc.

* [Suspected Russian Hackers Spied on U.S. Treasury Emails - Sources | Top News | US News](https://www.usnews.com/news/top-news/articles/2020-12-13/exclusive-us-treasury-breached-by-hackers-backed-by-foreign-government-sources)
* [SolarWinds confirms 18,000 customers may have been impacted](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112294/hacking/solarwinds-sec-filing.html)
* [US government software provider SolarWinds confirms it was hacked - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2020/12/14/us-government-software-provider-solarwinds-confirms-hacked/)
[Cisco targeted in SolarWinds attack as Microsoft uncovers a second hacking group - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2020/12/20/cisco-targeted-solarwinds-attack-microsoft-uncovers-second-hacking-group/)
* [Microsoft partnered with security firms to sinkhole SolarWinds hack C2](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112342/apt/microsoft-seized-c2-solarwinds-hack.html)
* [Researchers shared the lists of victims of Solarwinds hack](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112555/hacking/solarwinds-victims-lists.html)
* [SolarWinds hackers aimed at access to victims' cloud assets](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112773/hacking/solarwinds-solorigate-attack-chain.html)
* [SolarWinds releases updated advisory for SUPERNOVA backdoor](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/112668/security/solarwinds-supernova-malware-advisory.html)
* [SolarLeaks website offers source code stolen in SolarWinds hack for sale - SiliconANGLE](https://siliconangle.com/2021/01/14/solarleaks-website-offers-source-code-stolen-solarwinds-hack-sale/)
* [SolarWinds Hack Lessons Learned: Finding the Next ...](https://www.darkreading.com/omdia/solarwinds-hack-lessons-learned-finding-the-next-supply-chain-attack/a/d-id/1339871)
* [Connecting the dots between SolarWinds and Russia-linked Turla APTSecurity Affairs](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/113289/apt/solarwinds-turla-apt.html)
* [Russia’s SolarWinds Attack and Software Security - Schneier on Security](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2021/01/russias-solarwinds-attack-and-software-security.html)
* [Injecting a Backdoor into SolarWinds Orion - Schneier on Security](https://www.schneier.com/blog/archives/2021/01/injecting-a-backdoor-into-solarwinds-orion.html)
* [Behind the Scenes of the SunBurst Attack – The New Stack](https://thenewstack.io/behind-the-scenes-of-the-sunburst-attack/)
* [Sunshuttle, the fourth malware allegedly linked to SolarWinds hackSecurity Affairs](https://securityaffairs.co/wordpress/115291/malware/sunshuttle-backdoor-solarwinds-hack.html)
