content/praise/index.md, before:

+++
author = "Chris Short"
date = 2019-07-28T07:00:00Z
description = "Nice things wonderful people have said about DevOps'ish"
draft = false
title = "Praise"

+++

"If you don't 'toot' your own horn, then who will?" —Dr. Justin Tarte

"I've said it before, and by gosh, I'll say it again — don't be afraid to toot your own horn." ― Emlyn Chand

"If you don't toot your own horn, don't complain that there's no music." —Guy Kawasaki

"Self-promotion is a leadership and political skill that is critical to master in order to navigate the realities of the workplace and position you for success." ― Bonnie Marcus

[!["Even on vacation, I sneak in a couple newsletters. My fave link in the latest DevOps'ish (besides the ASODR survey ‘natch) is the one about open office spaces." —Nicole Forsgren][nicolefv]](https://twitter.com/nicolefv/status/1113069829001568256)

[!["I read this NL every week @ChrisShort gathers an amazing collection of tech #OpenSource #DevOps news. Worth a read and a subscription!" —Kim McMahon][kamcmahon]](https://twitter.com/kamcmahon/status/1085654763193098240)

[!["I don't read a lot of tech newsletters, but there are 3 that I do, for various reasons! Devops'ish by @ChrisShort puts so much good stuff there, that I must confess that I usually just scan the previous week's top 5, very convenient." —Jérôme Petazzoni][jpetazzo]](https://twitter.com/jpetazzo/status/1129916987545653248)

[!["Aspiring DevOps/Cloud peoples - great newsletter (DevOpsish) by @ChrisShort. Complete w/ Telegram group to chat." —Bashfulrobot][Bashfulrobot]](https://twitter.com/Bashfulrobot/status/1130907202594562048)

[!["Can't believe I have just found this but it's awesome!" —ghostinthewires][ghostinthewires]](https://twitter.com/GhostInTheWire5/status/1100386085606178816)

Special thanks to CNCF TOC member and Weaveworks CEO, [Alexis Richardson](https://twitter.com/monadic/status/1155136182088622080) for the suggestion of Praise for the title of this page.

{{< what-is-devops >}}

[nicolefv]: nicolefv-praise.png
[jpetazzo]: jpetazzo-praise.png
[Bashfulrobot]: Bashfulrobot-praise.png
[ghostinthewires]: ghostinthewires-praise.png
[kamcmahon]: kamcmahon-praise.png

Commit message:

Praise page updated
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/praise/index.md, after:

+++
author = "Chris Short"
date = 2019-07-28T07:00:00Z
description = "Nice things wonderful people have said about DevOps'ish"
draft = false
title = "Praise"

+++

I started the DevOps'ish newsletter in 2016 with hopes of lowerering the barrier to entry into the DevOps and Cloud Native world while keeping seasoned professionals informed on the latest news, tools, and trends. Every now and then I hear from readers who have turned into fans. It's a great motivator for what can be a thankless job at times. Here are some of their remarks, because sometimes it's important to toot your own horn.

> "If you don't 'toot' your own horn, then who will?" —Dr. Justin Tarte
>
> "I've said it before, and by gosh, I'll say it again — don't be afraid to toot your own horn." ― Emlyn Chand
>
> "If you don't toot your own horn, don't complain that there's no music." —Guy Kawasaki
>
> "Self-promotion is a leadership and political skill that is critical to master in order to navigate the realities of the workplace and position you for success." ― Bonnie Marcus

[!["Even on vacation, I sneak in a couple newsletters. My fave link in the latest DevOps'ish (besides the ASODR survey ‘natch) is the one about open office spaces." —Nicole Forsgren][nicolefv]](https://twitter.com/nicolefv/status/1113069829001568256)

[!["I read this NL every week @ChrisShort gathers an amazing collection of tech #OpenSource #DevOps news. Worth a read and a subscription!" —Kim McMahon][kamcmahon]](https://twitter.com/kamcmahon/status/1085654763193098240)

[!["I don't read a lot of tech newsletters, but there are 3 that I do, for various reasons! Devops'ish by @ChrisShort puts so much good stuff there, that I must confess that I usually just scan the previous week's top 5, very convenient." —Jérôme Petazzoni][jpetazzo]](https://twitter.com/jpetazzo/status/1129916987545653248)

[!["Aspiring DevOps/Cloud peoples - great newsletter (DevOpsish) by @ChrisShort. Complete w/ Telegram group to chat." —Bashfulrobot][Bashfulrobot]](https://twitter.com/Bashfulrobot/status/1130907202594562048)

[!["Can't believe I have just found this but it's awesome!" —ghostinthewires][ghostinthewires]](https://twitter.com/GhostInTheWire5/status/1100386085606178816)

## Special Thanks

Special thanks to CNCF TOC member and Weaveworks CEO, [Alexis Richardson](https://twitter.com/monadic/status/1155136182088622080) for the suggestion of Praise for the title of this page.

Also, thanks to [Ginny Hamilton](https://twitter.com/GinnyHam) for suggesting I state the why behind this page.

Finally, thank ***you*** subscribers, friends, fans for making this project the thing that it is today.

{{< what-is-devops >}}

[nicolefv]: nicolefv-praise.png
[jpetazzo]: jpetazzo-praise.png
[Bashfulrobot]: Bashfulrobot-praise.png
[ghostinthewires]: ghostinthewires-praise.png
[kamcmahon]: kamcmahon-praise.png
