content/post/122/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-04-07T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "122"
tags = ["kubernetes", "devops", "open source", "cloud", "tech", "github", "cloud native", "cncf", "serverless", "container", "security"]
title = "122"

+++

INTRO

> "Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." —Golda Meir

[**Log Management Modernized**](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish)  
With LogDNA's fast, multi-cloud logging platform, DevOps and Engineering teams can easily and quickly aggregate all system and application logs into one efficient platform.  
Whether on-premise, in the cloud, or a hybrid solution, we have you covered. Don't take our word for it. Try it yourself.

[Get started logging in a few minutes with a free trial](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish). *SPONSORED*

**New Microsoft Azure Elastic Agent Plugin for GoCD**  
With GoCD's new Azure plugin, run your CI/CD pipelines on Azure virtual machines, and let GoCD scale up on-demand agents based on your need. Remove bottlenecks and reduce the cost of your agent infrastructure.

Learn more about GoCD: [www.gocd.org](https://www.gocd.org)  
Learn more about GoCD's Azure plugin: https://extensions-docs.gocd.org/azure/current/ *SPONSORED*

[**O'Reilly Online Learning**](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/202986)  
Get access to a continuous flow of ideas and innovation that keeps you up to date. Start a 10-day free O'Reilly Online Learning trial today *SPONSORED*

{{< sponsor-blurb >}}

## DevOps'ish Top Five from Last Week

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[Want an awesome job, working in a great team, with a tremendous leader?](https://social.icims.com/viewjob/pt1553611085158445da) — If you're in Europe and want to work on the Ansible team with other fellow Red Hatters. This is the job for you (maybe)!

## Process

[Take the Accelerate State of DevOps survey today!](https://google.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0v2VZMeA2Eha365?sp=5) — Can you spare some time to help the DORA research team know what it takes to make great software?

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1109146625279057920 >}}

Commit message:

122 Adding terraform-provider-dominos
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/122/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-04-07T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "122"
tags = ["kubernetes", "devops", "open source", "cloud", "tech", "github", "cloud native", "cncf", "serverless", "container", "security"]
title = "122"

+++

INTRO

> "Trust yourself. Create the kind of self that you will be happy to live with all your life." —Golda Meir

[**Log Management Modernized**](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish)  
With LogDNA's fast, multi-cloud logging platform, DevOps and Engineering teams can easily and quickly aggregate all system and application logs into one efficient platform.  
Whether on-premise, in the cloud, or a hybrid solution, we have you covered. Don't take our word for it. Try it yourself.

[Get started logging in a few minutes with a free trial](https://logdna.com/sign-up/?utm_medium=Syndication&utm_campaign=DevOpsish&utm_source=DevOpsish). *SPONSORED*

**New Microsoft Azure Elastic Agent Plugin for GoCD**  
With GoCD's new Azure plugin, run your CI/CD pipelines on Azure virtual machines, and let GoCD scale up on-demand agents based on your need. Remove bottlenecks and reduce the cost of your agent infrastructure.

Learn more about GoCD: [www.gocd.org](https://www.gocd.org)  
Learn more about GoCD's Azure plugin: https://extensions-docs.gocd.org/azure/current/ *SPONSORED*

[**O'Reilly Online Learning**](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/202986)  
Get access to a continuous flow of ideas and innovation that keeps you up to date. Start a 10-day free O'Reilly Online Learning trial today *SPONSORED*

{{< sponsor-blurb >}}

## DevOps'ish Top Five from Last Week

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[Want an awesome job, working in a great team, with a tremendous leader?](https://social.icims.com/viewjob/pt1553611085158445da) — If you're in Europe and want to work on the Ansible team with other fellow Red Hatters. This is the job for you (maybe)!

## Process

[Take the Accelerate State of DevOps survey today!](https://google.qualtrics.com/jfe/form/SV_0v2VZMeA2Eha365?sp=5) — Can you spare some time to help the DORA research team know what it takes to make great software?

## Tools

[terraform-provider-dominos](https://ndmckinley.github.io/terraform-provider-dominos/) — "[E]ven though it’s a joke it will still order you a pizza. You are going to get a pizza. You should be careful with this provider, if you don’t want a pizza." Storing my credit card info in Vault seems natural now.

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1109146625279057920 >}}
