content/post/128/index.md, before:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-05-19T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "128"
tags = ["kubernetes", "devops", "open source", "cloud", "tech", "github", "container", "security", "linux", "infrastructure", "git", "GitHub"]
title = "128:"

+++

INTRO

[**Ready for your dream tech job?**](https://www.indeedprime.com/devopsish/?sid=us_other-EmailSponsor_JS_ACQ&kw=Devopsish_Email3)  
Say goodbye to tech recruiter spam. Indeed Prime matches you with companies that fit your career goals and sends jobs right to your inbox. You’ll also have free access to technical career coaches who are here to help you with interview tips, resume best practices and more. [Join for free today](https://www.indeedprime.com/devopsish/?sid=us_other-EmailSponsor_JS_ACQ&kw=Devopsish_Email3)! *SPONSORED*

[**2019 State of Multicloud**](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE)  
A Report on the Underlying Dynamics Fueling Multicloud Strategies. [Download Today!](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE) *SPONSORED*

[**How companies adopt and apply cloud native infrastructure--from O'Reilly**](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/224549)  
Survey results reveal the path organizations face as they integrate cloud native infrastructure and harness the full power of the cloud. *SPONSORED*

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

PEOPLE

## Process

[AnsibleFest 2019 Call for Proposals](https://ansiblefest2019.eventpoint.com/cfp/?utm_source=devopsish) — Are you adding value to your organization using Ansible? Perhaps you have automated your way out of a sticky situation before with Ansible? Have you scaled an organizations automation efforts with Ansible Tower? [Submit a proposal to AnsibleFest 2019!](https://ansiblefest2019.eventpoint.com/cfp/?utm_source=devopsish)

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1127295228854063104 >}}

Commit message:

128 Add Telegram
Signed-off-by: Chris Short <chris@chrisshort.net>

content/post/128/index.md, after:

+++

author = "Chris Short"
categories = ["Weekly", "Newsletter"]
date = 2019-05-19T07:00:00Z
description = ""
draft = false
slug = "128"
tags = ["kubernetes", "devops", "open source", "cloud", "tech", "github", "container", "security", "linux", "infrastructure", "git", "GitHub"]
title = "128:"

+++

INTRO

[**Ready for your dream tech job?**](https://www.indeedprime.com/devopsish/?sid=us_other-EmailSponsor_JS_ACQ&kw=Devopsish_Email3)  
Say goodbye to tech recruiter spam. Indeed Prime matches you with companies that fit your career goals and sends jobs right to your inbox. You’ll also have free access to technical career coaches who are here to help you with interview tips, resume best practices and more. [Join for free today](https://www.indeedprime.com/devopsish/?sid=us_other-EmailSponsor_JS_ACQ&kw=Devopsish_Email3)! *SPONSORED*

[**2019 State of Multicloud**](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE)  
A Report on the Underlying Dynamics Fueling Multicloud Strategies. [Download Today!](https://turbonomic.com/state-of-multicloud/?utm_campaign=7012o000001oRz6AAE) *SPONSORED*

[**How companies adopt and apply cloud native infrastructure--from O'Reilly**](https://www.oreilly.com/pub/cpc/224549)  
Survey results reveal the path organizations face as they integrate cloud native infrastructure and harness the full power of the cloud. *SPONSORED*

## DevOps'ish Last Week's Top Five

1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 
1. 

## People

[DevOps'ish Telegram](https://devopsi.sh/telegram) — Join the nearly 300 DevOps, Kubernetes, SRE, and other technology professionals discussing real-world problems, breaking technology events and outages, and the occasional Spotify playlist.

## Process

[AnsibleFest 2019 Call for Proposals](https://ansiblefest2019.eventpoint.com/cfp/?utm_source=devopsish) — Are you adding value to your organization using Ansible? Perhaps you have automated your way out of a sticky situation before with Ansible? Have you scaled an organizations automation efforts with Ansible Tower? [Submit a proposal to AnsibleFest 2019!](https://ansiblefest2019.eventpoint.com/cfp/?utm_source=devopsish)

## Tools

TOOLS

## DevOps'ish Tweet of the Week

{{< tweet 1127295228854063104 >}}
